<?xml version="1.0" encoding="windows-1252"?>
<node id="240052" title="sdc wiki archive (2002-06-15 to 2003-03-01)" created="2003-03-03 10:23:42" updated="2005-08-09 10:38:56">
<type id="68046">
wiki</type>
<author id="24736">
boo_radley</author>
<data>
<field name="doctext">
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-03-01 EST&lt;br /&gt; &lt;a href ="index.pl?node=message%20inbox&amp;recipient=17342"&gt;Inbox&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;br/&gt;
* [pfaut]: Your faqlet collection is complete. However, I can access the total collection of faqlets through gods' tools if you ever have doubts about the number.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-03-01 EST&lt;br /&gt;
[http://nbpfaus.net/~pfau/faqlets.html] should be a complete list of faqlets. My newest nodes interface caches to a PostgreSQL database. I've been running a routine nights and weekends to collect older nodes and I think I have just about everything now. This list was created from that database.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;How do we access the group mailbox?&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-03-01 EST&lt;br /&gt;
I'm still cross referencing links.&lt;br/&gt;
I didn't realize how much documentation there was, &lt;em&gt;and how much we've generated&lt;/em&gt; in the past month. pride++
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-03-01 EST&lt;br /&gt;
SDC has an inbox, just like any other user or group; any requests for updates should be shuttled to it, and then added in to-do. All SDC members should be able to access this inbox.

&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-28 EST&lt;br /&gt;
[id://17639] has been updated. I also posted my nodelet information at [id://239623].&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;What happens to messages sent to [SiteDocClan]? Is it even possible to send messages to the group? If that worked and there was a way for group members to read and react to those messages, we could just ask people to message [SiteDocClan] in these cases. Then the appropriate member could pick up the messages for his documents and run with them.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Louis_Wu], 2003-02-28 PST&lt;br /&gt;
I added my contributions to the [|Master Plan] and thought we could specify certain SDC members as 'experts' in a subject. That person would manage major changes to that set of docs, could answer questions for other SDC members about arcane tidbits and generally be the guru. &lt;br /&gt;
Example: [theorbtwo] was asking for "The guy working on the CB FAQ" (looking to get his AIM to CB code added), and I seem to answer many CB questions when in the CB. I put together the [Chatterbox FAQ]. Should I be the CB gotoguy, the designated expert? Would that be good/bad/silly?
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-02-27 EST&lt;br /&gt;
pfaut,
    keep it as one big faqlet. There's not enough content for each nodelet to justify splitting it up. I really like the use of faqlet links, but am expecting complaints from people when they become generally noticed. Will construct a list of 'common faqlet link' words later tomorrow.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-27 EST&lt;br /&gt;
I have a draft for 'PM Nodelets' on [pad://pfaut|my pad] (scroll down, there's an anchor but I can't find a linking syntax that will go to it). Should this remain one document or should there be one short faqlet for each nodelet description?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Also, unless I get more feedback on my changes to [id://17639], I'll update it tomorrow (2/28).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-27 EST&lt;br /&gt;
Ok. &amp;lt;sup&amp;gt;'s removed.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2002-02-28 (Aust)&lt;br /&gt;
That looks good [pfaut]. Although I think the deal was that we wouldn't &amp;lt;sup&amp;gt; them. It's good to see them in context.. I'm just trying to think if there's a CSS tag I can add to my stylesheet so I can choose to make them some other color but I don't think there is.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-27 EST&lt;br /&gt;
I have an updated version of [id://17639] on [pad://pfaut|my scratchpad].  I've included a few super-q's in the format suggested by [tye].  Please review before I post an update.  Thanks.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2002-02-28 (Aust)&lt;br /&gt;
OK, that works for me. If we can always include the real node's title in a title attribute of id:// tags, we have the functionality we need.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2002-02-27&lt;br /&gt;
I like the idea of &lt;code&gt;[id://1234|alt]&lt;/code&gt; including title="node 1234's title here" in general.  &lt;code&gt;[faq://]&lt;/code&gt; is ambiguous (Perl FAQ or Site FAQ) and I'd rather just use id:// instead.  The only advantage you'd lose is the &lt;code&gt;[faq://1234|]&lt;/code&gt; case but I already had plans for &lt;code&gt;[...|]&lt;/code&gt; to do something special which would conflict anyway.  So just use &lt;code&gt;[id://238736]&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;[id://238736|&amp;#8594;]&lt;/code&gt; and don't ever say "click here". (:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2002-02-27&lt;br /&gt;
Well, if the &lt;code&gt;&lt;span title="some text"&gt;&lt;/code&gt; doesn't even show "some text" when you hover (with Mac IE 5), then we just shouldn't use that trick.  It ended up in [search results] and [not found] but I think I'll just switch to just displaying the text.  In Windows IE 6.0 the &lt;code&gt;span[title] { border-bottom: 1px dashed; }&lt;/code&gt; doesn't work but I tried &lt;code&gt;span.hover { border-bottom: 1px dashed; }&lt;/code&gt; in the CSS and &lt;code&gt;&lt;span class="hover" title="some text"&gt;&lt;/code&gt; and that worked, but that is moot now.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I'm glad to know that that I shouldn't be doing that.  Thanks.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2002-02-28 (Aust)&lt;br /&gt;
I had to look at the source to see what you were talking about ... Mac IE 5.0 doesn't allow titles for anything except links. I get no underline or anything... Opera seems to work though. I can see the dashed underline AND I get the titles in the status bar.&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2002-02-27&lt;br /&gt;
Have [ar0n]/[Petruchio] fixed the CSS so that &lt;span title="silly floating-the-mouse-over-text tricks"&gt;stuff like this&lt;/span&gt; works (that is, so you see &lt;span class="hover"&gt;a dashed underline&lt;/span&gt; there)?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-28 EST&lt;br /&gt;
Yes, a footnote would be better.  Even if it was inserted in smaller text at the end of the section instead of at the end of the page.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-28&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[pfaut] I could change it to point to small-print at the bottom of the page .. maybe I should do that. (its at the top of [id://238736])
&lt;li&gt;[boo_radley]: I've had a think about the super-q issue. How about the following renderings:&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;code&gt;[faq://238736]&lt;/code&gt; becomes &lt;a href="?node_id=238736"&gt;Orders of Monks&lt;/a&gt; (no span title)&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;code&gt;[faq://238736|]&lt;/code&gt; becomes &lt;a href="?node_id=238736" title="Orders of Monks"&gt;&amp;#8594;&lt;/a&gt; (includes a title)&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;code&gt;[faq://238736|Click here]&lt;/code&gt; becomes &lt;a href="?node_id=238736" title="Orders of Monks"&gt;Click here&lt;/a&gt; (includes a title)&lt;br /&gt;
I'm willing (and would like) to join PMDev and supply the patch for the above ... Tye?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-27&lt;br /&gt;
I was scanning through some of the pages [BigLug] has been working on and notice there was a JavaScript popup box on one of the pages (I forget which one).  Since people on this site are always concerned about the insecurity inherent in JavaScript and warning people to turn it off, should we be using it in faqs/faqlets?  It's a shame because it really fit the situation where it was used but I thought I should bring it up.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;I like either idea proposed for the super-q.  An entity that renders as a larger character or the question mark in braces would certainly be easier to hit than the question mark alone.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
Hmmm .. but what about linking to FAQs by title though, where a title should be visible? Maybe &lt;code&gt;[faq://123]&lt;/code&gt; renders as &amp;#8594; or &amp;#8658; but if we want  a title we need to specify it. I'll think some more...
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
saw the update to the style guide -- having a title element in an anchor tag is ok, but we'll have to rely on spans for id://, &amp;c. tags.&lt;br /&gt;
Although it occurs to me that {?}/super-q could be a good justification for faq:// tags -- we could leave ns4.perlmonks.* rendering, e.g., {?}, and have a useful HTML entity for the main site ( say &amp;#8594; or &amp;#8658; )
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
How about: "Blah blah blah{?}" -- I hope the {} make it obvious that it's not a question ... any other ideas?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-27&lt;br /&gt;
I understand the purpose for the 'super-q' and I think it's a good idea but the implementation leaves a bit to be desired.  Superscript characters are quite small and difficult to hit with a mouse.  I can image trying to find it with the crappy mice they build into laptops.  Can we come up with something a little bigger than a question mark to use for the link?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks Boo, I'll describe the use of the super-? (pronounced 'super-Q') in the STD Style Guide now. The title is a good idea. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
BigLug, &lt;br/&gt;
    I really don't see the problem here. FAQ links should use id:// to alleviate this very problem (although, now that I write this, I think I'll have to double check my own links...). It might be feasible to make faq://, but I think its scope (a small subset of what can already be displayed in id:// tags) would limit its usefulness.&lt;br/&gt;
On the topic of the "The Pilgimage Towards Sainthood" (TPTS) FAQlet, we can probably combine the levels without existing faqs into one category, since they just give users a bump in votes per day.&lt;br/&gt;
Finally, I've noticed more faqlets using &lt;code&gt;&lt;super&gt;&lt;/code&gt; imposed question marks as links. Who is doing this, and when are you doing it? :-)&lt;br/&gt;
It's something I'd like to see added to the SDC style guide, so we can use it consistently. Also maybe add a a span title to these supered-?s to help new users?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
I'd like to combine "The Pilgimage Towards Sainthood" into a single document, the same way that [id://238736] is a single document. However something has just struck me .. and  I guess its something else for PMDev.&lt;br/&gt;

At the moment, if I put &lt;code&gt;[Novice]&lt;/code&gt; into a post, the link takes me to a conflicting nodes page where I can pick from a User or a SoPW. What I'd like is to be able to put some link in a post that will take me to the right FAQlet without having to create an FAQlet with the correct title (which would still take me to a 'conflicting nodes' page). &lt;br /&gt;

Better would be to set 'keywords' for FAQlets so we can have links like &lt;code&gt;[faq://gods]&lt;/code&gt; run a quick-search on the keywords (and titles) in the FAQlets and take us to the correct place. (Or rather than searching keywords, maybe &lt;code&gt;[faq://xxx]&lt;/code&gt; would search two node-types: FAQlet and FAQlet-alias, the latter is just a node-type that points to the original node -- harder to maintain, but (probably) easier to code)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks Tye - I'll go and change my FAQlets later today&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks boo_radley - appreciate the extra info you added to [id://238736]
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
Please use "?node_id=...".  Much of the code in the site uses $ENV{SCRIPT_NAME} which leads to "/index.pl?..." but that is on my list of things to change for several reasons including the one you listed.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
BigLug, I'll fill in the details for [id://238736]
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Interesting point&lt;/b&gt; came up in the CB while discussing the point below: When we create links within the site using the a-href style of links, we should use either: &lt;code&gt;index.pl?node_id=xxx&lt;/code&gt; or we should use &lt;code&gt;?node_id=xxx&lt;/code&gt;. We should not use the leading '/' (as in &lt;code&gt;/index.pl?node_id=xxx&lt;/code&gt;) because this breaks people who visit the site through the &lt;a href="http://qs321.pair.com/~monkads/"&gt;pair.com address&lt;/a&gt;. Were others aware of this address? I'll go and change all my FAQlets tomorrow night unless Tye or someone else in the 'know' tells me otherwise.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
I've just created and edited (with help from the CB) [id://238736]. Please read it and let me know if there's anything in there that's either wrong or not complete. There's groups with whom I'm not aquainted.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-26&lt;br /&gt;
I've added 'Customising PerlMonks CSS' to the Master Plan. I'll write it soon. Basically it will look at all the CSS elements that a user can customise.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-25&lt;br /&gt;
I updated [id://17642].  There are still outstanding questions but until I find some answers, it's the best I can do.  At least there's some information there for all of the options currently on the user settings page.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-25&lt;br /&gt;
As per [pfaut]'s suggestion, the &lt;a href="/index.pl?node_id=237008#styleguide"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Style Guide&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt; has moved to the [id://237008]
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2003-02-24&lt;br /&gt;
Sorry, I was reading the old document and not your scratchpad. ):
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-24&lt;br /&gt;
I didn't like the "click here" links either.  One of them was there already and I added one.  I replaced them both.  I reworded the section on note configuration.  The option names changed but the section name remained the same.  Did you read the section?  Does the new wording make any more sense?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;On another note, can we move the style guide to the to-do wiki?  Trying to keep it visible here is going to become a bit of a headache, I think.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2003-02-24&lt;br /&gt;
Regarding [How do I change my preferences?], [pfaut]:  Please don't say "click [user settings|here]".  For one, I just find "click here" to be bad style.  But I'd also like people to have a chance of realizing that they can get to their user settings by typing "user settings" in the search box so a simple link like [user settings] is better.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The names of "note configuration" were improved as noted in [id://236741].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Your timezone setting actually currently only affects a few datetime displays on the site.  The goal is to have it affect nearly all of them, but that hasn't happened yet.  You can also select a 12-hour display, if you prefer, using the "Format for date-times" field of [user settings] (though that field also only affects a small number of date-time displays so far).
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-24&lt;br /&gt;
I have an updated copy of [How do I change my preferences] in [pad://pfaut|my scratchpad].  Please have a look.  I would appreciate any answers to the questions listed at the beginning.  Some of them will probably have to be answered by a [pmdev].
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-23&lt;br /&gt;
I agree and I'll change it. Thanks Tye.&lt;br /&gt;
Also updated the style guide to recommend pasting Back to PerlMonks FAQ at the bottom of FAQlets. We need to update all the written FAQlets to match, but we also need to change the name of  "Perl Monks FAQ" to "PerlMonks FAQ". (Tye: is it possible to do some sort of find and replace to find places linked to the old FAQ, or should I just create a node called "Perl Monks FAQ" that point people to the renamed "PerlMonks FAQ")
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2003-02-23&lt;br /&gt;
I'd be for retiring [Craft].  So it would probably be a good idea for "Where do I post?" to not suggest it be used.  The problem with all of the categories (we have categories in Cat Q+A, Snippets, Code Cat., site FAQs) is that currently (AFAIK) only [gods] can work with them.  We need to allow lots more people to contribute to categorization efforts.  In particular, when you post to any section with categories, you need to be required to specify a functional category (Cat Q+A works this way but the rest don't -- Code Cat. asks for a category string but doesn't do anything useful with it).  But this is [pmdev]/[gods] work.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-24&lt;br /&gt;
[id://237057] has been updated. Read the following post though. The site needs to change its code areas :) Read [id://5118|this post] of [Vroom]s for his take on the situation.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-24&lt;br /&gt;
OK, so I'm re-writing [id://237057]. I'm clicking on every link in the nav. And I discover something interesting. Something I've never thought of before.  What's the difference between [id://1747] and [id://481]? I've asked in the CB and noone seems to be able to help be beyond:
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Limbic~Region: I would say if you wanted to make a distinction - Code Catacombs should be synonomous with COTS (commercial off the shelf software - i.e. complete software package - just modify config file and ready to go) where as craft would be stuff that does what you want it to - maybe not complete - maybe takes a little tweaking to work in your environment, etc
&lt;li&gt;pfaut: i think it was tye that said Craft is crap or something along those lines
&lt;li&gt;pfaut: i have no idea, BigLug, i could never figure out all the code areas on this site
&lt;li&gt;xmath: I thought catacombs was for good stuff while anyone can post his crap to craft if he/she thinks it's crafty
&lt;/ul&gt;
(The above quotes are taken without permission and make be out of context. Don't quote them anywhere beyond here.)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-02-21&lt;br /&gt;
I'll be out of the state till Tuesday. Hope y'all have a good weekend.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-21&lt;br&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I took [id://17642] as a base, reworded a couple of things,
added some things that were missing, updated some changed labels.
I still have more to do - there's a couple of sections I haven't
documented yet. Please look at [pad://pfaut|my scratchpad] - I
listed some questions there that I could use some answers for.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;The master plan lists [id://17642] followed by a proposed
item called 'Your User Settings'.  I found the former while trying
to research the latter.  Anyone know what 'Your User Settings' is
supposed to contain?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Louis_Wu], 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
The [Chatterbox FAQ] is now an old style doc, which we can't edit. It was editable for a while (which is how I changed it), but it was never updated to be a new style faqlet. That FAQ needs to be updated to the new nodetype, or we (I) need to create a new faqlet, and get it linked from the CB. I'll bug [boo_radley].  ... Which leads me to ask, when we need things done which are outside of our powers, do we bug the nearest [god] or [pmdevil]? Is [boo_radley] our SDC liason officer? Does someone have [vroom]'s phone number? I think that [boo_radley|boo] has taken this on, so he should be our first contact. Any disagreement?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-21 (2003:51.530544 UMT)&lt;br /&gt;
Welcome [pfaut]! Its great to have more people here, no matter their time availability. Timezone shmizone! We really should all be using Metric Time in Days based on midnight at the international date line!
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Hi. I'm the new guy. I asked to get involved in the site since I had a lot of time on my hands being unemployed at the moment. Now I have a possible job offer and a couple of side jobs I might be working on so I may not have as much time as I thought but I'm still looking forward to helping out here.
&lt;li&gt;Looks like there's been agreement on a date format but not on a timezone as [BigLug] appears to already be in tomorrow.
&lt;li&gt;I'm digging around perlmonks.thepen.org looking for anything related to user settings. I'll try to keep a summary of what I've found on my scratchpad. /msg me if you know of something that's not on my list.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-21&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Woohoo! Thanks Tye. I agree wholeheartedly with your arguement for PerlMonks rather than Perl Monks. I merely put the two-word-format there as that seemed to be the norm thus far. I'd MUCH rather PerlMonks.
&lt;li&gt;SDC vs SiteDocClan: I vote for SiteDocClan, as [Tye] says, it means more to the random user.
[id://237057] does indeed need editing and I'll get it done today. It was 1am when I made it into its own FAQlet. Why did I do this without editing it? Because I've been looking for it for days! I finally found it!
&lt;li&gt;I've thought more about CVS and I do think it'd be overkill. As would the additional ScratchPads for each SiteDocClan member. &lt;b&gt;If&lt;/b&gt; there was some way to be able to set the public show/hide permission on a particular FAQlet it would be good, if there's not then no worries. We can always change whether its linked from the 'FAQlet Overview' or not
&lt;li&gt;I think we &lt;b&gt;can&lt;/b&gt; move the 'Need Help' link. But I'd prefer to move it to point to the [id://237040]
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
The reason I didn't suggest "SDC" is that "SiteDocClan" might mean something to a random user.  Though the "SDC" node would explain who y'all are and what y'all do, etc. so it isn't a big deal for me either.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I guess there are several ways to interpret "faqlets as code".  A "middle" interpretation would be to add sitefaqlets to the list of nodes for which patches can be made, allow SDC members to apply such patches, and prevent SDC members from directly editting sitefaqlets.  Not a ton of work, but it will also make SDC work more cumbersome.  It would "pollute" the [pmdev] patch list to the point that I think we'd need to be able to filter the patch types, so add that to the list of work items required to make this happen.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;

Suggested idea for the SDC nodelet : "FAQlet this node" -- creates a new FAQlet with the Text/ Title already filled in.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If we really wanted to be perverse, we could set up FAQlets as code, and do versioning control through patch lister. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I prefer SDC or sitedoc, although this and "[Pp]erl ?[Mm]onks" aren't really issues I care to argue over.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[id://237057] needs to be touched, primarly to update the SOPW and Q&amp;A sections.
SOPW is available to all, and Q&amp;A is limited to lv4 and above. This is because it's meant as a FAQ-like section, where a problem is presented along with an already-researched answer by one person, then opened up for alternate answers.
Its title confused a lot of new monks into posting SOPW material there. The descriptions just seem to need a little more meat on their bones.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
"Perl Monks" has been a pet peeve of mine.  I'd rather standardize on "PerlMonks" so that searches for "perl monks" and searches for "perlmonks" will both find such.  I blame this spelling for part of why people fail to notice that "Perl Monks Discussion" is supposed to be about the site.  "Perl Monks" are our members while "PerlMonks" is the site.  Feel free to argue otherwise.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Our tradition is to just archive wikis when they get close to 32kB (which some browsers can't handle editting).  Unfortunately, only [gods] can do that.  See [pmdev wiki] for the long chain of examples.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The main thing I had planned for a SDC nodelet was a link to the wikis that tells you when something new has been added and a similar link to the SDC inbox (where &lt;code&gt;/msg [site documentation clan]&lt;/code&gt; routes to).  My word, can we shorten the name of this group?  SiteDocClan works much better for me.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I wouldn't hold your breath for getting CVS for site docs.  I just don't see it as even close to worth the effort involved (or a priority compared to tons of other things that need done).  Feel free to convince others to do the work, but you'll never convince me on that one, sorry.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I huge "Thanks!" for all of the work done so far and the continued enthusiasm.  Can't we move the "Need Help??" link to [Perl Monks FAQ] (note the space that I'd like removed) by now?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
Removed a whole pile of my jibberish from here. How do Wikis get cleaned up normally?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
Moved some stuff from the [id://237008] to here&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
I got no objections so I created the SDC &lt;a href="/index.pl?node_id=237008#masterplan"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Master Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt; to the bottom of [id://237008]. Maybe it should be the entire contents of that page? If you think so, please say so. If not, please say so. The script I've written (and linked there) allows the Master Plan to be used to update the [id://237040].
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Louis_Wu] 20FEB2003&lt;br /&gt;
A conversation with [BazB], [BigLug], [pfaut], and [tye]
last week yielded some interesting ideas about improving
 the SDC.  But these ideas will need to be implemented
 by [pmdev], so we should get our ducks in a row before
asking for fun new features.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
SDC nodelet.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;blockquote&gt;
Functionality will depend on the rest of the feature
 requests. So why do I mention this first? So that you
 will think about the rest of these feature requests
while visualizing instant access to them through the SDC nodelet.
&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;p&gt;
SDC Scratchpads&lt;/p&gt;&lt;blockquote&gt;
A second scratchpad for each SDC member, visible only to
 those who can see the SDC wikis ([pmdev], [gods], [powerusers],
[SDC], hackers ...), which we could use to write new docs, or
 rewrite existing docs. This would free the normal
 scratchpad for it's traditional use - scratching.
&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;p&gt;
CVS&lt;/p&gt;&lt;blockquote&gt;
We are creating our own control systems, but a true
revision control system would provide ease of change,
 a central repository of who's doing what to which, a
 record of what's been done, and a history of the changes.
&lt;/blockquote&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Now, back to the SDC nodelet.  Imagine being able to select
 what to put there - open docs (linked to CVS), recently
changed docs, links to SDC pads which have been updated in
the last N days, your current doc projects, etc.  The
nodelet could be user-configurable, or have set
capabilities, depending on what [pmdev] can do.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[SDC] vs [Site Documentation Clan]&lt;br /&gt;
This is a personal addition. Five characters vs 25 -
could we have [SDC] link to [Site Documentation Clan]?
Typing that long thing in a CB box is especially fun. :)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 20FEB2003&lt;br /&gt;
As SDC members, we have read access to most (all) wikis in perlmonks. This is to encourage communication across groups, and to help the site document new features as they come on-line. Similarly, other admin groups have read access to our wiki. Try to keep an eye on at least pmdev and pmdev to-do if you're interested in future site changes.&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[gods' wiki]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[editors' wiki]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[pmdev wiki]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[pmdev to-do wiki]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[pm-port wiki]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Site Documentation Clan Wiki]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 20FEB2003&lt;br /&gt;
created [sdc to-do wiki] for coordinating work.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 20FEB2003&lt;br /&gt;
General SDC outline on my scratchpad &lt;strong&gt;&lt;em&gt;read it and comment, please&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt; :-). [BigLug], the Outside Link faqs look really good. I notified Neophyte of the change as she was previously sole maintainer. Also welcome [pfaut] to SDC.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
I've split up the [id://236792] into multiple pages and turned "[id://236792]" into an index of the sub files. There's a lot of links in there but I still feel that in some sections there aren't enough.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-20&lt;br /&gt;
I've updated [id://236792]. Links should work now and I've tidied the content. The content is now almost 40K so I'm thinking it should really be broken up into multiple pages. I'm not sure how to add pages, so if anyone wants to tell me how, or wants to do it themselves, I say go for it. Leave "[id://236792]" as an index to the other pages.&lt;br&gt;
There's also content on there that should be looked at. For example, what I've retitled as 'Perl Friendly Webspace' is a very short list of free web-hosts. There's other hosts that I could recommend as 'perl friendly' as I'm sure you could too.&lt;p&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Possibly controversial&lt;/b&gt;: I've also removed the '(added by &amp;#91;BigLug&amp;#93;)' credits that were all over it. I figured they weren't really necesary and added nothing to the page.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2003-02-19&lt;br /&gt;
[id://236792] and  [id://236794] are now site doc faqlets, and should be sdc-editable. Drop me a msg if there's issues.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-15&lt;br /&gt;
I've altered a title [84115|here] and there to make them match similar items. This may have broken links in other areas. If I broke one of your links, then I offer 1000 apologies. On that issue, can we all make sure our site-doc-clan links use numbers?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2003-02-15&lt;br /&gt;
Is there any chance of flipping the [Perl Monks FAQ] pages around? I think it would be good if the categories are listed at the top, then put the 'top level' faqlets, and then put the most recent at the bottom of the page.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Update&lt;/b&gt;: Spoke to Tye about this, he's taking a look&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Also, is it possible to get the FAQ listed in the site's navigation. I only discovered the FAQ after I'd attained Monk! &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Finally, I wonder about making the front page of the FAQ look more like Ailie's Scratchpad. This means people can see all the questions without having to work out which category they'd be hiding in.&lt;p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Louis_Wu], 2003-02-10&lt;br /&gt;
The new [Chatterbox FAQ] is up. It is an old-style 'sitedoc' node, not a faqlet.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;BTW, we should probably agree on a date format that we will all use. Reading 2 or 3 different formats of dates is not as easy as it should be.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley] 07FEB2004&lt;br/&gt;
Added BigLug and jdporter to SDC. Hopefully we'll get good momentum on finishing up Ailie's Grand Design. :-)
Also set up #sdc on irc.slashnet.org for our chatting pleasure.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Louis_Wu], 2003-02-02&lt;br /&gt;
My [pad://Louis_Wu|scratchpad] has the updated CB FAQ, taken from [turnstep]'s FAQ++, some links from [ybiC], and some general updates. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2002-01-28&lt;br /&gt;
Please put new content at the very top of the wiki where it is easy to notice.  It is much harder to scan the wiki looking for bits that one hasn't seen before vs. just reading down until one gets to something one knows they have seen before.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I wouldn't duplicate the list of cblast35 mirrors.  Just direct them to [cblast35] and let that list of mirrors be kept up-to-date.  Why not incorporate[turnstep]'s chatterbox FAQ into the node?  Do we want two lists of chatterbox clients to maintain or just update [id://20842] and include a pointer to it?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The CB "How do I use this?" link goes to a somewhat old-style documentation node &amp;#91; "somewhat" in that the "Need Help??" link goes to a really old-style node that you don't even have access to change &amp;#93;.  So although you do have access to make changes to the two somewhat old-style nodes ([id://163] and [id://40361]), I think it they should be changed/moved to be a faqlet nodes so all site documentation will be in faqlets which are accessible from one location.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Louis_Wu], 27 Jan 2003&lt;br /&gt;
I've put a few proposed additions to the [Chatterbox FAQ] on my [pad://Louis_Wu|scratchpad].  They were motivated by new users clicking on the "How do I use this?" link in the CB and not seeing information on Fullpage Chat or CBlast35, even though the page claims to be "your one stop for all your questions about chatterbox functionality".  I'll add this in a week unless I hear objections.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2002-01-17&lt;br /&gt;
Now all [cabal] members can read each other's [wiki wiki|wikis].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 14JAN2003&lt;br /&gt;
I've decided to work on the site's documentation a bit. [Ailie] has produced an excellent outline to this end on [http://www.perlmonks.org/index.pl?node_id=108949&amp;user=ailie|her scratchpad], and I intend to use it as a basis for my work. Would appreciate any comments or additions you have.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
[tye], 2002-07-10&lt;br /&gt;
The PM wiki tradition is to prepend new material at the top so it is easy to notice. I moved [ailie]'s note up now that I've noticed it. (:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
ailie, 1 July 2002&lt;br /&gt;
I've got the beginnings of such a document in my scratch pad, which is now public.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
kudra, 15 June 2002&lt;br /&gt;
I admit, I'm new to sdc, so I want to ask some questions to make sure
I'm not stepping on any toes.  Is there any kind of document that outlines
faqlets divided by section (as with Q&amp;amp;A)?  I know the Perl Monks FAQ
does contain a listing of all faqlets (if you view enough 'next 15' pages),
but what I'm looking for is a sort of overview. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;If there isn't one, I
propose adding one (probably more than one page, with each section having
its own page).  The problem with keeping such a structure is that anytime
someone added a faqlet, s/he would have to be sure to also add it to the
overview.  The bonus to it would be that it would be easier to find
documents you're looking for, which would prevent the proliferation
of similar documents in various stages of up-to-dateness.  It would
also be useful for people outside of the sdc, again for finding the
desired document.&lt;/p&gt; 
</field>
</data>
</node>
