<?xml version="1.0" encoding="windows-1252"?>
<node id="322009" title="Cabalists' Wiki" created="2004-01-17 01:10:56" updated="2005-08-14 08:11:59">
<type id="68046">
wiki</type>
<author id="321667">
theonetwo</author>
<data>
<field name="doctext">
&lt;dl&gt;
&lt;!-- Most recent content on top, right below the template.

Please DON'T hand-write your entry headings; use &lt;wikihead&gt; instead.  When you hit submit the &lt;wikihead&gt; tag in the template will be converted as appropriate.  This lets users see their own localtime for when you wrote your text, regardless of timezone.

Wrap your entry in a copy of the following:

&lt;dt&gt;&lt;wikihead&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
...
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

PLEASE LEAVE SOME SPACE BELOW THIS COMMENT!  THANK YOU!
--&gt;



&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href="#2011-11-30 09:15:10" name="2011-11-30 09:15:10"&gt;[localtime://2011-11-30 09:15:10]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;With the OP in thread [id://940772] reaped, the rest is just trolling or troll bait without any context. IMO, that fact and the (rare) occurance of similar others justifies both a policy on and a tool for reaping a whole thread when OP has been reaped for cause or lack of content.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href="#2011-07-30 02:37:43" name="2011-07-30 02:37:43"&gt;[localtime://2011-07-30 02:37:43]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
A bunch of members that haven't been around in over a year were removed from cabal groups.  I sent each a /msg in case they return (and can't remember what groups they used to be in).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2011-02-13 16:02:29" name="2011-02-13 16:02:29"&gt;[localtime://2011-02-13 16:02:29]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
For several weeks now, the "rumored powers" quip on [holders of unholy power] has been automatically updated once per day, by a bot running on perlmonk.org. I've decided I didn't like how much stuff that injects in the [Recent Janitorial Edits|RJE] log, so I've cranked it down to once per week.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[ambrus], &lt;a href="#2010-11-30 03:48:05" name="2010-11-30 03:48:05"&gt;[localtime://2010-11-30 03:48:05]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Dear Cabal.  If you want to post status updates for the site, you may put them to the topic of the #cbstream irc channel on the freenode network.  If you do so, kindly leave the url to [ http://russell2.math.bme.hu/~ambrus/cbstream/ |the cbstream FAQ] in the topic.  If you have permission to update the topic, you may do so by eg. the command &lt;c&gt;/msg ChanServ TOPIC #cbstream http://russell2.math.bme.hu/~ambrus/cbstream/ | perlmonks is down because a mouse chewed the network cable of the database server, will be fixed till 2010-11-30 11:00 UTC&lt;/c&gt;.  If you don't have permission, then ask [ambrus] for the bit in a perlmonks private message mentioning your freenode account name.  Thanks.  
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2010-11-29 15:32:15" name="2010-11-29 15:32:15"&gt;[localtime://2010-11-29 15:32:15]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Ok, as a kind of intermediate solution, I've created a PerlMonks [http://www.facebook.com/pages/PerlMonks/165675866804992|facebook page], which would be more for administrivia of this sort (vs. the old [http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=7034391227|facebook &lt;i&gt;group&lt;/i&gt;]).
Unlike twitter accounts, facebook pages can have multiple "owners".  If you're on facebook, please 'like' the page and I'll add you as an admin.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
&lt;i&gt;Addenda:&lt;/i&gt; &lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;I've restricted wall posting privilege to page admins. This is to keep the signal-to-noise ratio on the wall maximized. If people want discussions, they can either use the Discussions tab or take it elsewhere (e.g. the [http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=7034391227|PerlMonks &lt;i&gt;group&lt;/i&gt;]).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Apparently you have to be a fb "friend" of an existing page admin in order to get added as an admin. So, if you want/need to be able to post announcements to this page's stream, send a friend request to [http://www.facebook.com/john.douglas.porter|myself] or one of the other admins.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[dhoss], &lt;a href="#2010-08-08 14:17:15" name="2010-08-08 14:17:15"&gt;[localtime://2010-08-08 14:17:15]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I think an @perlmonks twitter account would be great.  Someone could write a quick app to allow permitted monks to update the account with site news/outages/etc.  It would be a nice way to get moving toward modernizing the site a bit.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[belg4mit], &lt;a href="#2010-07-17 21:43:25" name="2010-07-17 21:43:25"&gt;[localtime://2010-07-17 21:43:25]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Although novices might defer to twitter or some such trendy service,
it certainly wouldn't be the first place I'd look. If the whole system going down is rare, and getting back to a blank slate isn't difficult, what about running thttpd with a status notice when the site itself is offline? (Too bad A records didn't have failover like MX do). Otherwise, a relatively short TTL (1-2 hours) and change it to point to a temp server with status notices while the server is being brought up? Could also reduce server load induced by those trying to reach the perly gates&amp;hellip;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2010-07-12 13:03:00" name="2010-07-12 13:03:00"&gt;[localtime://2010-07-12 13:03:00]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Is there such a thing as a "group"-postable twitter feed? If not, then I think we'd have security issues, with multiple persons having the login for that account.
If it's only the [gods] who would have that access, then maybe it's OK, since as it is they trust each other enough with admin access to this site.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Alternatively, we could focus on interactive sites, such as facebook, or blog-ish sites like [http://use.perl.org/|use.perl].
It's possible [Corion] or [ysth] talked about this event on their personal blogs as it was occurring... but the problem there is that those sites are not 'well-known' and, more critically, not easily predictable.
Whatever we choose to do, it should be where a non-expert user might guess to look. Twitter meets that criterion, but perhaps others do as well.
Maybe we can beg/borrow/steal some small space for a headline or two on the main [http://www.perl.org/|perl.org] site somewhere... Perhaps on [http://www.perl.org/community.html|this page], which contains
the prime example of what I called "pointing" in [id://848886|my post].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[davido], &lt;a href="#2010-07-12 03:22:44" name="2010-07-12 03:22:44"&gt;[localtime://2010-07-12 03:22:44]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Perhaps its time to start a @perlmonks twitter feed for the purpose of getting the word out when there's a site-halting emergency.  It's a pretty rare occurrence, of course, but for those rare times when it does happen, it would be nice to have a means of following occasional updates.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-10-29 11:03:55" name="2009-10-29 11:03:55"&gt;[localtime://2009-10-29 11:03:55]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[Code Catacombs] and [Snippets Section] have been deprecated, inasmuch as posting to them is no longer possible.
I first announced this in a [PMD] post: [id://803953] &amp;mdash; so that if there was much pushback from the community, we'd hear about it in a timely fashion.
After that dust (if any) settles, someone should update [Tidings].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I have already [href://?node_id=434853&amp;.submit=Filter&amp;filter=only&amp;node_id=434853&amp;SDC=1|updated] the affected site docs &amp;mdash; at least, the ones I could think of / find.
&lt;br&gt;[SiteDocClan]smen, if you find / think of others, please update accordingly. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[PmDev]ils, we might want to think about the "last mile" of the deprecation process for [Craft], [Snippets Section|Snippets], and [Code Catacombs|Code]: converting existing nodes into [CUFP] nodes. I think this may have been discussed before. Some conversions might be trivial; others not; but in any case, there may be more policy-related reasons not to convert. I dunno.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[Arunbear], &lt;a href="#2009-10-02 17:53:09" name="2009-10-02 17:53:09"&gt;[localtime://2009-10-02 17:53:09]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
To start the deprecation process mentioned in [id://798486], I've updated [id://487797] especially removing the link to [id://1758] (and added [id://798948] to remove the code submission form).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye], &lt;a href="#2009-02-28 00:30:51" name="2009-02-28 00:30:51"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-28 00:30:51]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[jdporter] used "/msg [gods]" (despite the fact that this sucks) to suggest that [last hour of cb] be turned into a sitefaqlet.  This is a good idea except that such would cause the site to accumulate a history of every change, which would be unacceptable in this specific case.  He should use a wiki or a thread to work out a better solution.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[Co-Rion], &lt;a href="#2008-12-31 11:14:39" name="2008-12-31 11:14:39"&gt;[localtime://2008-12-31 11:14:39]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The new webserver is ready. PM is running on mod_perl 2.0 there. Please test it or use it in the next few days, as we plan on taking it up into the load balancer rotation: [http://qs1969.pair.com/~perl2/].&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;There is one known issue - it seems that the database connections don't always reconnect properly and so the server returns blank pages when you're the first one to use it after some inactivity. I see that as a minor problem though, because with enough usage, the problem will never occur.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2008-10-22 18:15:45" name="2008-10-22 18:15:45"&gt;[localtime://2008-10-22 18:15:45]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I post this here because it is of interest to both [SiteDocClan] and [pmdev].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
In the interest of making a more generic nodelet capability, I have recently made some code changes (thanks to [Corion] for applying, and for providing a needed adjunct patch) which allow a nodelet to get its content from a [sitedoclet].  One existing nodelet was converted to prove the concept. If you'd like to check it out, enable the [About the Information Nodelet|Information Nodelet]. Its content looks about the same as before, but now it's coming from the [Information sitedoclet], which means [SiteDocClan] can update it easily.
Whether this is desirable is another question...
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Because there is one bit of dynamic content in the Information nodelet, [Information|the code behind it] is still not completely generic; it has to provide the value of one "macro" currently embedded in the sitedoclet. But that's ok.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2008-10-14 15:10:34" name="2008-10-14 15:10:34"&gt;[localtime://2008-10-14 15:10:34]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Ok; see [id://671164]
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye], &lt;a href="#2008-02-28 22:07:31" name="2008-02-28 22:07:31"&gt;[localtime://2008-02-28 22:07:31]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Our wikis suck for discussions.  Were you thinking I should put my reply in a special scratchpad for you to read? :)  I'd rather you post this where a discussion would be convenient (Scriptorium, likely).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2008-02-28 09:05:40" name="2008-02-28 09:05:40"&gt;[localtime://2008-02-28 09:05:40]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
At the top of [id://500336] I have placed a draft of a proposal for the creation of
a new [pmdev://usergroup].  I'd really like feedback on this proposal, especially
from the [gods], who, obviously, would have the greatest stake in the change. Thanks
in advance.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;!--
[jdporter], 2008-01-16 13:30:22
I simply tweaked my previous note (of 2007-06-28).
--&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2007-06-28 12:11:28" name="2007-06-28 12:11:28"&gt;[localtime://2007-06-28 12:11:28]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Well, as might have been expected, the announced launch of [Tutorials Quest]
has resurrected the issues/arguments about how the [Tutorials] section
is managed, with regard to how tutorials do/should get posted.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I wanted to just dismiss [dbwiz]'s [id://623839|complaints], but in thinking
about it I think there is in fact something suboptimal which needs to be 
corrected.  The problem is that "being a tutorial" (and an analogous situation
applies in most of the other sections as well) means two different things:&lt;br/&gt;
1. being a node of type [perltutorial]&lt;br/&gt;
2. being linked in the [Tutorials] list&lt;br/&gt;
As it stands, there is no mechanism to enforce that these two conditions are synchronized, as there is for other sections.  The [Pedagogues] have the power
to un-list [perltutorial] nodes they deem of insufficient quality; and they can
include in the [Tutorials] list nodes of any other type (mostly just [perlmeditation])
which are considered to be worthy.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The problem stems from the fact that the site's [Super Search|searching capability]
only looks at node type, not at where the node is linked.  So people searching for
something in just [Tutorials] will in fact only be looking at nodes of type
[perltutorial], including all the crappy ones, and possibly not finding nodes which
they clearly see listed in [Tutorials].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
There is a simple fix for this: [Pedagogues] should be able to ask [Janitors] to
switch the type of a node to/from [perltutorial], with essentially no questions asked.
(I know it sounds like a lot to ask, so if [Janitors] wanted to have some kind of
additional check in place, I guess that would be fine.)
This circumvents the consideration process, which, based on the threads
[id://623839|raised by] [dbwiz], was mostly ineffective, and I don't think it should
be up to the voting public to decide anyway.  The only other opinion which should be
considered, imho, is the author's: obviously, if an author doesn't want her writeup
converted to [perltutorial], we should respect that, but it should come with the
consequence that her overlooked gem won't get listed in [Tutorials] either.
Similarly, if someone posts a crappy tutorial, we should be able to summarily
demote it to Meditations, or something.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2007-05-18 09:54:33" name="2007-05-18 09:54:33"&gt;[localtime://2007-05-18 09:54:33]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
"Quests" isn't self explanatory in the context of [Quests], either.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[yitzchak], &lt;a href="#2007-05-17 18:19:05" name="2007-05-17 18:19:05"&gt;[localtime://2007-05-17 18:19:05]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I like "Tutorials Needed".  "Tutorials Quests" isn't self-explanatory.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2007-05-17 16:03:53" name="2007-05-17 16:03:53"&gt;[localtime://2007-05-17 16:03:53]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The [Pedagogues] are pleased to announce the birth of their [id://615833|new wiki],
and we give thanks to the [gods|stork] who delivered it.&lt;br/&gt;
This wiki will be a persistent bulletin board where we post solicitations for
new [Tutorials], as the needs for such make themselves known.&lt;br/&gt;
The wiki could use a succinct but catchy name.  My favorite so far is
"Tutorials&amp;nbsp;Quests".  Thoughts?&lt;br/&gt;
Any input from the [Cabal] on how this wiki should be managed will be
gratefully received and discarded. ;-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], &lt;a href="#2007-05-11 00:01:17" name="2007-05-11 00:01:17"&gt;[localtime://2007-05-11 00:01:17]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The [gods] received the following /msg which I'm forwarding here:
&lt;blockquote&gt;
Pat yourself on the back, take a bow, everytime I go to another discussion site (like woodwind.org) I keep wishing they'd implemented the reputation and post voting system like perlmonks has. It's a well done, killer great feature.
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye], [localtime://2007-01-23 01:31:49]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I was considering low-impact ways to implement something like this.  One idea is to create a sitedoclet for [borgs' belly] and, if there is a section in the sitedoclet defined for the ID of a currently borg'd user, then paste that section into the [borgs' belly] below the line displayed for that user.  Then [power users] ask [sitedocclan] to add entries when needed.  A way to allow [power users] to enter items directly might be considered later, but I suspect these will just be entered by [gods] anyway, since we are usually the ones who pass such lengthy sentences against people.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2007-01-22 11:03:14]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The [/borg]ing mechanism does not currently support logging a reason directly.
In fact, the list of borg'ed users is stored as a settings list, not in a "full-blown" db table. A setting list is essentially a hash. This setting's key is the borg'ed user's ID, and the value is the epoch time at which the [/borg] expires.
Adding a "reason" field to this scheme is possible, though not nearly as trivial as adding a column to a regular db table.
Unless and until such an enhancement is made, logging the reason for a [/borg] will be fairly manually intensive. This here [Cabalists' Wiki] could be used for the purpose, but keep in mind that it is readable only by [Cabal], not rank-and-file monks. (Or should I say, &lt;i&gt;pawn&lt;/i&gt; monks.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], [localtime://2007-01-21 16:34:31]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
CB discussion this morning arrived at no answer on the &lt;b&gt;specific&lt;/b&gt; offense, though I think it did produce a concensus (albeit, of the very few involved in that chat) that [Arunbear]'s suggestion that a reason for extraordinary &lt;tt&gt;borg&lt;/tt&gt;ings might be a valuable addition. My two cents worth is that it might be feasible and desireable to put the explanation in the belly along with the offender.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[davido], [localtime://2007-01-21 13:06:16]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Typically he makes a post, and repeatedly goads people in the CB by announcing it over and over again.  People ask him to stop.  He continues. Eventually he gets borged for a few minutes. He waits around, and the instant that the borging expires he repeats the behavior, this time obviously to annoy people. Then he gets borged for a few days, and everything settles down until the next time.  It's happened a couple times before like that, and though I didn't see this particular incident, the pattern is already in place.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;[Arunbear], [localtime://2007-01-21 06:34:11]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[id://592078] has been borged for several days. What did he do? Perhaps lengthy borgings should be documented somewhere?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], [localtime://2006-07-18 02:56:59]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I don't think it's "too much coddling" to identify a common misconception and arrive at a strategy to set it straight. All I really have to add, though, is a reminder to all janitors to keep checked the box that says &lt;small&gt;&lt;i&gt;Add original title to signature&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/small&gt; as that also facilitates searching. (And I wonder if [davido] has considered a career move to [pedagogues]... ;-) )
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[davido], [localtime://2006-07-18 02:34:07]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
A thought:  We recently had a thread named "trinary operator".  It got considered for title change to "ternary operator" for the sake of navagability and searchability.  Clearly the [doc://perlop|POD] calls it the ternary operator, and when you do a Google search, there are something like 62k hits for "ternary operator".  But there are also 4k hits for "trinary operator", and we see it misspelled (or spelled in an alternate way, perhaps) from time to time here.  This tells me that while ternary is probably correct, there's a lot of propensity for people to use the other spelling (mistakenly or otherwise).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;My suggestion is that rather than being in a hurry to retitle them, instead, post a Q&amp;A question with the following two titles:  "Trinary operator, see also the more common spelling: ternary operator.", and "Ternary operator, see also the less common spelling: trinary operator."  Doing so will result in those titles being found anytime someone uses the search box to search for either of the terms, thus providing an aid to navigation right when it's needed most.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The body of each of those nodes could contain a very brief explanation of why the node exists (an aid to navigation) and why it might be beneficial to search for both terms.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Maybe this will be considered to be too much coddling, but it might just help a few people along the way.  Comments?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-04-27 11:13:22]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
O.k., I've taken an initial swag at populating [Tidings] with
recent changes.  There's still a few I believe merit being
included; in particular, I'm not sure exactly what should be said
about [id://537694] and [id://543641].
If you have the appropriate knowledge, could you please fill in
the gaps?  Thanks!&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Move Zig!  You know what you doing!&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-04-27 00:52:19]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
After [id://545312|some discussion], a wiki has been created whereby [cabal|we] can announce
"What's New" to the PerlMonks community.  It's called [Tidings].
Please read the comment embedded near the top of that wiki before posting.
Thanks!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2006-04-13 03:38:51]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Actually the missing node doesnt show up in RAT normally, at least not for me. (I have it configured not to display reaped nodes.) The node that doesnt show up in the thread view is [id://542654] but I don't have any more time to investigate right now. Im assuming that this has something to do with the reaping mechanism, but im not sure what.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[davido], [localtime://2006-04-12 12:47:13]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The other day it occurred to me (as a [Janitors|janitor]) that it would be clever to reparent reaped nodes... ones that have been reaped as duplicates... under the original non-reaped node.  This was in response to a slew of reapings for a whole bunch of duplicates that a novice monk created in many different sections here at the Monastery.  The idea was to simply clear up the clutter and keep it all in one place; under the original thread.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The issue (which may be a bug or may be a feature, depending on how you view the situation) is that once the reaped node has been reparented under the non-reaped node, it disappears from the thread view.  It does, however, still show up in the thread listing in [Recently Active Threads].&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;If the goal is to reduce clutter, I suppose this is a great situation.  But I'm not sure it's an intentional situation, so I thought I'd mention it here.  ...here, because it should be interesting both to [Janitors] and to [pmdev].&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;For a simple example, see [id://542652].  This thread now contains one reparented reaped duplicate of the original post.  The reaped dupe was cross-posted to PMD, and subsequently reaped.  I reparented it under [id://542652|542652] to clean up the PMD section.  But the reap now also does not 'appear' in the thread view either.  If you find it in RAT, however, you'll find it listed there.


&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;[Arunbear], [localtime://2006-04-01 11:16:16]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[QandAEditors] now have their own nodelet. Turn it on and you'll be able to tell at a glance if the [id://133122] has been updated or if there are any new messages the QandAEditors inbox.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2006-03-23 08:24:08]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I copied most of [New Site Rules Governing User Accounts] to a new [id://538727] with an added line about borging, changed [create a new user] to link to the new faqlet instead of the PMD, and also linked to it from a couple of other faqlets.  Should it also be added to the Getting Started section?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-03-19 18:34:27]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I get the impression that it's time to have a written "policy" stating that creating a
new account in order to evade a /borg will be regarded unfavorably by the [gods].
Opinions?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2006-03-14 03:46:55]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Generally speaking we do have such a policy. Not for the joke groups but for the real ones. Its an informal approach, but it is traditional to ask "so and so is up joing the group, anybody object?"
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-03-10 13:29:25]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I don't think this has been addressed before... Talking about the
Fraternal Orders of Monks (namely [id://475485], [id://431494] and
whatever others) &amp;mdash; I think it might be nice to have a policy
that involves an order's existing members in the decision to add
new ones. Mind you, I'm not complaining.  It's all just fun, of course.
Also, what would it take to let (e.g.) &lt;tt&gt;/msg&amp;nbsp;&amp;#91;Breathers of Fire&amp;#93;&lt;/tt&gt; replicate the message to all members of the group?
Thanks...
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-02-13 16:03:54]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
WADR... the fact that they were posted as [perltutorial]s does not necessarily make them fit to be called tutorials nor to be included in the Tutorials section. (Similarly, many &lt;i&gt;worthy&lt;/i&gt; nodes in the Tutorials section are &lt;i&gt;not&lt;/i&gt; [perltutorial] nodes.) More to the point, nodes which are tutorial in nature and whose pedagogical subject is PerlMonks could rightly, I argue, belong in the site docs.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
"But rank-and-file monks should be able to write PerlMonks tutorials. Where would those go?"&lt;br/&gt;
Somewhere else. In fact, I'd argue that that is essentially a misuse of the perltutorial node type.  The current sitedoc on [Tutorials] says that people should post their draft tutorials as [Meditations] first. If people would follow that rule of thumb, then [Cabal|we] could decide what section would best befit it for a permanent home.
Tutorials that talk about PerlMonks could reasonably be shifted into that section of the [id://237040|site docs]. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[Arunbear], [localtime://2006-02-13 15:42:12]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I strongly believe that "Welcome to the Monastery" should continue to exist as a tutorial section - the nodes here are mostly written as tutorials not FAQs. I've no objection to new faqlets being written that are based on this material - if eventually there are enough of such faqlets we could then add a note to this tutorial section to the effect that more uptodate content can be found in the FAQs. 

&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-02-13 11:48:26]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Unless a lot of people scream, I'm going to move the "Welcome to the Monastery" section of Tutorials into the [id://237040].  I'll probably replace it with a link pointing to the relevant (new) section of the FAQ.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Related to this, I've renamed the Tutorials section named "Welcome to the Monastery" to "Intro to the Monastery". This is so I can create a new siteFAQlet named "Welcome to the Monastery", which will be based directly on the venerable (but in need of maintenance) [id://176063] by [newrisedesigns].&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Note that the name "Intro to the Monastery" may go away / be changed once all this is done.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-11-25 11:42:10]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Well, part of what you mention is mostly done. IE, if you put a [string] in a [faqlist] when the faqlist is rendered you will see the text (pm-parsed) instead of the name of the string. The main issue remaining is a way to create/edit [string] objects. (Actually, im pretty sure i mentioned this in the [pedagogues] wiki).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Regarding recurse/updown stuff, I reckon we could sort that out somehow. Im not sure exactly how right now, but its doable. Probaly by making faqlists use the setting table so we can have arbitrary data attached to them. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-11-25 10:50:30]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
re. [de-merphq]'s recent post in [id://510149] - I have a little bit of a problem with the lists-of-lists approach, at least as currently implemented. The biggest flaw (probably easy to fix) is that a list can only contain lists of node_id's (or titles); it needs to support arbitrary html, or at least arbitrary &amp;#91;&lt;i&gt;whatever_goes_in_here&lt;/i&gt;]. I also don't like that a list displays not just its own contents but its entire tree. Sometimes that's desirable, but in other situations you only want to see what &lt;i&gt;this list&lt;/i&gt; contains.
Another think I'd like different, or at least be able to set different, is to have the text content displayed below the link list rather than always above it.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-10-31 17:08:59]&lt;br/&gt;
How do Alpha faqlets become normal faqlets?
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;Answer: 
Click the 'Rebless as [href://?op=sdc_rebless;node_id=0;sdc_rebless_to=sitefaqlet|faq]' link in the SDC nodelet. Thanks, [demerphq]!
&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-10-14 10:14:14]&lt;br/&gt;
This is a request to the [pmdev] group.&lt;br/&gt;
The XML tickers which return info on nodes (in particular, [id://37150], but also
the &lt;c&gt;displaytype=xml&lt;/c&gt; view of a node, and certain other tickers) should be
amended to include the keywords attached to the node.  TIA!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], [localtime://2005-09-22 20:55:28]&lt;br /&gt;
I'd be nice, but it also adds load.  Those numbers have to be recaliculated on every single page load.  It isn't a lot of load, but it something to be cautious about.

&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I'd rather have just an indicator that there is a new item since the last time I looked, rather than a count.  A count of how many things have been considered since I last looked would be nice, but I'm not sure if that is feasible with the current design.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
And I really don't see the point of tracking nre separately.  Things without 'edit' votes yet are fairly likely to be reasonable things to edit and things that don't need editting are likely to eventual get the 2 'edit' votes.  So I don't see the value in only showing things that have 2 or more edit votes.  The different layout could be preferred by some, but I'd probably patch it to just show all considered nodes, if I ever used it.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-09-22 09:32:32]&lt;br/&gt;
In the Editors Nodelet, wouldn't it be nice if the [id://28877|ntc] and [id://59481|nre] links had a number next to them, indicating the number of items in their respective lists? Rather like [/msgs] does when there's new messages waiting. E.g. [id://28877|ntc](&lt;b&gt;7&lt;/b&gt;) [id://59481|nre](&lt;b&gt;3&lt;/b&gt;).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], [localtime://2005-09-07 22:22:00]&lt;br /&gt;
I started to make my comments here but decided the Q+A wiki is a more appropriate location.  I fixed a problem in the template above, so I'll commit these changes and leave this small bit of text as explanation for those who wonder why this wiki got flagged as changed.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-09-07 14:51:47]&lt;br/&gt;
Some time ago (January 2004) there was some discussion about how Perl6-specific answers
in the [id://1843|QandA] section were to be handled.  This discussion occurred mainly in
the [id://133122]; but the [id://11732] (via representative [davido]) requested broader
input (via the [janitors]' /msg inbox).  I have not seen any definitive resolution.
Was there one?
Some possibly relevant PMD threads: [id://303785], [id://400932]... but these don't
address [id://1843] specifically.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-08-30 14:09:37]&lt;br/&gt;
Thanks, [demerphq]. Verily, that is wicked awesomeness on your part.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-08-30 13:53:16]&lt;br /&gt;
Ok, they are all converted now. The idea of "things" and "sections" that are supported by sitedoclet's (and used only rarely) is that if there is a need to be able to "float" dynamic content inside of SDC editable text. In  those cases there are special tags (that look like comments) which are used for the purpose. The "non-simple" examples below actually were simple, with formats like "TEXT / DYNAMIC" so unless somebody wants to put text at the bottom, or something like that, the simple form is fine. I hope that make sense :-) See [voting/experience system] and its sitedoclet for an example.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-08-30 13:34:31]&lt;br /&gt;
Simple docs are patched. Ill get to the complex ones in a minute.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Please DON'T handwrite your entries in the wiki. Use the header above. The the users see _their_ localtime for when you wrote your text. Even if they change timezones. So please, just copy the template above and fill it in. (i.e. put your comment in.) When you hit submit the &amp;lt;wikihead&amp;gt; tag in the template will be converted as appropriate.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-30 1600 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I've created a bunch more sitedoclets. 
Please modify the third cell in each row as you patch superdocs.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The following superdocs have special concerns (called 'Data-things' in the sitedoclet table
in the last table in [id://240586]).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;table border=1 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=3&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;superdoc&lt;/th&gt;&lt;th&gt;sitedoclet&lt;/th&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://1843]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://487795]&lt;/td&gt;  &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://1747]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://487797]&lt;/td&gt;  &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://1758]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://487801]&lt;/td&gt;  &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The following superdocs are simple, so should be relatively trivial to patch:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;table border=1 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=3&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;superdoc&lt;/th&gt;&lt;th&gt;sitedoclet&lt;/th&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://479]&lt;/td&gt;   &lt;td&gt;[id://487771]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://480]&lt;/td&gt;   &lt;td&gt;[id://487775]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://1597]&lt;/td&gt;  &lt;td&gt;[id://487781]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://1044]&lt;/td&gt;  &lt;td&gt;[id://487785]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://23771]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://487787]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://1590]&lt;/td&gt;  &lt;td&gt;[id://487803]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://21144]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://487782]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://23304]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://487814]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://30794]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;[id://487817]&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

&lt;p&gt;One can go to [id://160975] to see whether the superdocs have been correspondingly patched.

&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-30&lt;br/&gt;
Thanks, whoever did that.&lt;br/&gt;
btw - [id://1040] should be renamed to [id://1040|PerlMonks Discussion].
That is the standard.  The name of the site is "PerlMonks".  TIA.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-29&lt;br/&gt;
Would the appropriate powers please patch [id://1040] to use [id://487513]. TIA!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2005-07-22&lt;br /&gt;
You've linked to The Gates... &lt;i&gt;(wups. fixed. - [jdporter])&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-07-22&lt;br/&gt;
I've added some detail to the description of the &lt;a href="/index.pl?node_id=239623#users"&gt;Other Users nodelet&lt;/a&gt;
explaining how it works.  Please review, and edit or send feedback, as appropriate. Thanks!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-06-09&lt;br /&gt;
Ive converted [id://72241] to a super doc and put the text in [id://465222|a sitedoclet] so that it can still be edited by [SiteDocClan], with the intention of adding an automatic table of [xml passthrough settings] and the [allowed xml fields] setting. If anybody feels like beating me to it you should be able to use [Voting/experience system] as a starting point for an implementation. Im posting this in the Cabal so both [pmdev]ils and [sitedocclan]smen can reply if necessary. Cheers.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
BTW, if anybody feels up to it figure out a way to make a special tag for wikis that creates the header of these entries on submit. If it ignores such tags embedded in comments then this whole template thing will get a lot easier.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
This is low hanging fruit...
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;


&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2005-06-07&lt;br /&gt;
I just wanted to document a behavior that may be of interest to [Janitors] and [pmdev]: Regular non-janitorial edits (call them front-door edits?) to any of the cabalists wikis ([Janitors], [pmdev], [SiteDocClan], etc) will show up on the [id://434853] as being a janitorial edit.  The consequences are insignificant, but the behavior should be documented somewhere, so here it is. ;)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-06-06 1300 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Um, [id://463721|this] is clearly not a "Categorized Question". But one can't directly consider it for moving to a different section.  So I hereby shotgun a request to [QandAEditors], [editors], or [gods] to move it to [Meditations].  TIA!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2005-05-19&lt;br /&gt;
They already replied to that request saying they'd fixed it themself.

&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[dvergin], 2005-05-19&lt;br /&gt;
A recent post to [Editor Requests] by [ktross] called [id://458678] makes a request for help removing some broken javascript from his/her Free Nodlet. This  is beyond my capabilities and/or knowledge. Is there anyone around who can handle this one?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2005-04-17&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Ive hooked in the [Cabal Matrix] to the cabal nodelet. Thanks to [Arunbear] and [ysth] for putting it together.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-12-09 0901 PST&lt;br /&gt;
There are a few places where nodes (and code nodes) are named "Editors ___", but the problem with changing their names relates to linking.  It is SDC policy to link to things by node ID, but this policy hasn't been universally applied by other Cabal clans (including pmdev), and that means that if we start changing node names, things start breaking.  ...and tracking down such problems is... a problem. ;)  The bandaid solution is to update any links we find so that they have the id://nnnnn|newname notation.  Ultimately if we feel we've caught them all, we could then retitle the nodes.  Some links are hidden in site code though.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-12-09 1440 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Since &lt;code&gt;$permonks =~ s/editor/janitor/g&lt;/code&gt; has apparently gone "official", should nodes such as &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://6345]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://74283]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://60309]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
be renamed?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2004-11-26&lt;br /&gt;
Done.  [id://960] has been reblessed as an [id://956]... as has [id://861], [id://862], [id://917], and [id://918].  The editors may want to consider their perogerative to not link them from the tutorials page, though, as they frankly aren't that good.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-11-26&lt;br /&gt;
I'll go for 'reblessed' if its not too much trouble. It's just an ancient node that probably existed before 'perltutorial' did.
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ysth], 2004-11-26&lt;br /&gt;
[id://860|It] does look like a tutorial, but has nodetype document.  Should [pmdev://newest nodes setting] be changed to allow janitors to edit these, or should they be reblessed as perltutorial?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-11-25&lt;br /&gt;
[dvergin], you've misthunk a bit there, thats not a site document, its a [Tutorials|Tutorial], so falls under [editors|our] domain, and not that of [SiteDocClan|SDC]. Having said that, I can't see whats really wrong with it, other than its a little vague around the edges. The layout looks ok to me, at first glance through.
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dvergin], 2004-11-24&lt;br /&gt;
I'm not sure I agree with the specifics of item "[id://410253]" from [Editor Requests]. But the "[id://410253]" page does look a bit rough around the edges and, for all I know, has been supplanted by more contemporary pages under the care of [SiteDocClan]. Another thing about [id://410253] that makes me suspect it is a residual artifact is that it is owned by [root] -- most current items with similar purpose seem to be owned by the esteemed and aforementioned [SiteDocClan].
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Having now reported this item, I am happy to leave it to the [gods] and [SiteDocClan|SDC] as to what, if indeed anything, needs to be done.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-10-28&lt;br /&gt;
My view is that SDC are entitled to enumerate site policy and to present it as they feel most closely respects the policies that the [gods] put forth. If people dont like what SDC has done, then before they assume its just "tinkering", _they_ should verify that a god agrees that the SDC's interpretation is wrong. Until such a ruling is made IMO what is posted in the sitedocs IS the sites policy. Full stop.
Lastly, we already have facilities to deny consideration abilities to people (the inconsiderate key in the [approval nodelet settings]) so if you think somebody needs a wakeup call on this level please have a word with the gods.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;i&gt;[demerphq] - I ([jdporter]) fixed a spell-o of "tinkering" above, and added some commas in that sentence for clarity.&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-10-28&lt;br /&gt;
I can't stay out of this.  The argument that [SiteDocClan] doesn't have the authority to enumerate site policy is rubbish.  First, [SiteDocClan] is appointed by the [gods] to do just that, and thus, empowered to do so.  Second, if [SiteDocClan] gets it wrong, the [gods] reserve the right to enact their own changes.  In fact, some members of [SiteDocClan] &lt;em&gt;are&lt;/em&gt; [gods].  Third, if the site docs aren't authoritative, does that mean that the [gods] need to specifically contact each person who becomes a friar to discuss with that person what constitutes responsible consideration?  Clearly not, the [gods] have provided a means by which a person might learn this; they've commissioned the writing of the site docs.  God didn't write the bible, He commissioned that work too, and yet Christians consider it authoritative.  I get really tired of seeing lousy considerations.  If we aren't going to get around to putting in place a consideration history (we includes me), how about a consideration borg-belly that the [gods] can use to temporarily disallow an irresponsible individual from considering?  ...just a thought that likely is just too much work for the [gods].  This isn't kindergarten.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ysth], 2004-10-28&lt;br /&gt;
And it's listed under "Poor reasons to consider a node include:" on [id://326922].  But the response I quoted below was saying that sitefaqlets
aren't authoritative site policy, since they are written by [SiteDocClan],
not the [gods].  While this is absolute bosh, I wanted to hear if there were
any who not only disagreed with the stated policy but disagree that it &lt;em&gt;is&lt;/em&gt; the policy.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-10-28&lt;br /&gt;
I can confirm that the site docs do &lt;em&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; recommend deletion for off-topic nodes.  The recommended course of action is to not approve (or possibly to consider for unapproval), but not to delete.  Here is an excerpt from [id://92975]: "&lt;em&gt;For useless, stupid, off-topic, and annoying nodes: if it is a root node, then don't approve it for any section; if it is a reply, just ignore it.&lt;/em&gt;"  Whoever you were talking to was wrong.  And not wanting to keep current on the site docs is not an excuse.  If one wishes to wield the sword, one must stay in touch with current events so as to know who the enemy is.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ysth], 2004-10-28&lt;br /&gt;
There was an apparently off-topic node considered for deletion recently.  Since [id://92975] and [id://326922] pretty clearly indicate that consideration for deletion is not intended for use on OT nodes, I /msg'd the considerer and got this response:
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt; i don't keep track of sitedocclan's tinkering. blatantly offtopic is always considered for deletion.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
(Wearing my SDC hat) can I have confirmation that the site doc is correct or be told that it needs to be altered, please?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
[id://403440]

&lt;/dl&gt;

















































</field>
</data>
</node>
