<?xml version="1.0" encoding="windows-1252"?>
<node id="403440" title="Cabalists' Wiki 2004-09-10" created="2004-01-17 01:10:56" updated="2005-06-14 04:20:46">
<type id="68046">
wiki</type>
<author id="321667">
theonetwo</author>
<data>
<field name="doctext">
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-09-10&lt;br /&gt;
Some you might want to check out the [id://389873] its the new place for discussing development related matters on the site. If you use your [User Settings] you can enable it in [Newest Nodes] as well. Currently top level nodes are create restricted to cabal members but replies are unrestricted. Please try to keep the section focused. Also its a bit like an unfurnished room right now, so first priorities are to get it looking half decent. Ideas welcome. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-08-24 1930 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I'd like to opine, but between the multiple, intertwined threads across multiple wikis (and PMDs),
the issues have become somewhat obscured, at least to me.  Perhaps [tye] could present a draft of
a proposed update of [id://17557]?  It also seems to me that [id://92975] could probably use a
simultaneous update...
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-08-22&lt;br /&gt;
Tradition is about what happened in the past.  So I'm not sure how documenting it as site policy makes it a more "real" tradition.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
In this particular case, my recollection of what is traditional and my assessment of what makes sense agrees.  So I think this is a good candidate for becoming site policy by being documented officially.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
However, I prefer to not set site policy by fiat.  So I need to perceive a concensus before I'll document a policy.  Even [davido]'s writing on the subject doesn't quite agree with my stance and [castaway] appears to disagree (though neither have responded to my statements so I'm mostly guessing).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[dfaure], 2004-08-22&lt;br /&gt;
Reading, [tye]'s 08-21 answer from [id://74283], I would suggest (him?) to update the '[id://17557]' entry from [id://237040] to get a &lt;i&gt;real&lt;/i&gt; tradition...
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-08-07&lt;br /&gt;
On the contrary [tye]. If the data submitted is 65536 bytes large then no update will occur at all, and a warning will be displayed telling the user such. If the data in wiki is 63000 bytes or larger then it becomes editable by gods only.  This means that a user can post a message that exceeds the 63000 barrier. It will be accepted and applied, however the next user that comes along when the page is now say at 64000 bytes will a) if they are a god see a note requesting the wiki is rotated and presenting the usual textbox, or b) if they arent a god see a note saying the wiki cant be updated until its rotated.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
So while yes it moves the point requiring action marginally earlier in time it is certainly better than "just makes the problem happen sooner". If the problem happened sooner then we would set the update cutoff below the DB limit, but we arent doing that, we are just removing the textbox that would be used for a submit most likely to be rejected. This means that the user who exceeds the 63000 limit still gets their post applied, but will almost certainly not hit the no-update barrier.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
A natural next step would be to make it autorotate the wiki, but I havent had the inclination to go there. Also I really dont like the idea of losing data.  It just makes the [gods] life more irritating ad it means non editors lose part of the wiki history for the duration. Compare that against losing the ability to add to the wiki until the matter is escalated to a god and I think the newer approach is a better trade off.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-08-07&lt;br /&gt;
*Stopping* editting *early* doesn't improve anything.  It just makes the problem worse; it just makes the problem happen sooner.  With the edit history, I think I'd rather go back to not preventing truncation and just rely on pulling the 'lost' section from edit history when the wiki is rotated.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Thanks for the byte count.  That's nice to have.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-08-07&lt;br /&gt;
dfaure: there are indeed many kinds of editing here, and no in the most part they don't share much code. I've done some work along those lines, as have others, but the fact is that a lot of that code is essentially duplicated.  For various reasons refactoring the code is time consuming and somewhat tricky. Adding edit histories to SDC nodes is on my list of things to do.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-08-07&lt;br /&gt;
Wikis have changed a little. You'll notice that the size of the wiki is always displayed. You may notice that the bottom of the wiki has a comment saying somthing like Wiki End. All of this is to trap when a browser or the MySQL text size limitation inadverdantly results or would result in truncating the wiki. If PM thinks this is happening it wont update the field. Likewise when wiki's get to about 60k they need to be rotated by a god so if the wiki gets that large you may not see a text box to alter the wiki with, instead youll see a note telling you to contact a [gods|god]. [gods] however will still be able to edit to allow them to do the rotation.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Please report any bugs you notice with this. Thanks.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[valdez], 2004-08-05&lt;br /&gt;
[Offering Plate] should use https and not http when linking to the Perl Foundation. Can someone correct that link? Thank you very much.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure], 2004-08-01&lt;br /&gt;
Dwelling around [Tutorials], I found that most of node types there are perlmeditation instead of perltutorial as they should do. It seems that a tutorial on how to write tutorials is required... ,)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;dfaure, the PM house-keeper, be careful not standing in front of my hoover!&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure], 2004-07-05&lt;br /&gt;
[davido] said last month: &lt;i&gt;"Patches are recorded in the [Patch Lister], and it's simple to create rollback points.  SDC doesn't enjoy such tools, and relies on compliance with various conventions to maintain order."&lt;/i&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
Hey, despite writing docs, we're more programmer than novelist here (at least in my case). Why can't we have also such tools to maintain them?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Going a bit further, how many implementations of node editing are living together here. Do they share code ?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-07-01&lt;br /&gt;
Certainly, for regular users, it should search both from the single check box.  But it needs to link to the page where the sitedoclet is displayed, not to the sitedoclet itself.  We could use the title convention to guess on where to link to.  But something more reliable would probably be a good idea, though only complicated ideas are coming to my mind at the moment.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
It'd be nice if super search worked on several extra node types of [pmdev] members and maybe had an "other" checkbox for gods.  (Just to mention one somewhat-related enhancement idea.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], 2004-07-01&lt;br /&gt;
Right now, [super search] searches sitefaqlets.  This should expanded to sitedoclets.  Should this be via the same "Monk Help" checkbox, or is there
some reason to separate the two types?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-07-01&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;i&gt;/me notes that [pmdev] have already lost track of which code chunks are actually active etc. &lt;/i&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
I get that the Site Docs are lagging behind the development, and that it hasn't improved a lot.  I'm partially to blame, as I'm one of the hybrids; a member of [SiteDocClan] and [pmdev].  My point about [pmdev] messing up the site docs wasn't even thinkng about a rogue developer sabbotaging the docs.  My concern is that if you look at the [SDC Master Plan Wiki] you find that there is some method to the madness of site documentation.  It's a lot easier to make site-doc changes than it is to keep such efforts organized and on track.  No site documents should be created without someone also taking the time to add them to the master plan table, and there are conventions for keeping track of updates as well.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Concern is that we will lose track of the site docs, if we start creating and updating them without complying with SDC conventions.  The Monastery may be better served by making [pmdev] a member group of [SiteDocClan].  It is also in the Monastery's best interest that order be kept.  [pmdev] patches have the check-and-balance of a [gods|god] needing to apply them.  Patches are recorded in the [Patch Lister], and it's simple to create rollback points.  SDC doesn't enjoy such tools, and relies on compliance with various conventions to maintain order.  These conventions include both methods of documenting changes, additions, and updates, as well as adherence to style points as described in the [SDC Master Plan Wiki].
&lt;p&gt;
It is probably a good idea for [pmdev] to have its own policy of individual members ensuring that the site documents reflect any changes they've made to site code.  Seeing a patch through to the end means seeing it get documented as well.  To this end, it makes sense that [pmdev] become a part of [SiteDocClan].  We just need to exercise care that we remain vigilant on maintaining order in what gets done.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
regarding [theorbtwo]'s comments: not to beat a dead horse but id like to call you attention to [id://370459] and [id://347710]. From that and my own experience I'd say that the advantages of seperating the two groups are pretty well nonexistant, and in fact just cause confusion and underutilization (and thus bad workarounds) of the features we have.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Also regarding the point about PMDevers being able to mess things up. Sure a rogue [pmdev]er could deface a lot of stuff. But we'd have backups, and we could easily extend the [edithistory] functionality to cover doc related nodes. (Actually im a little suprised they arent already covered, i could have sworn they were.) So the damage would be purely cosmetic, like getting a black eye, and wed recover quite quickly. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Wheras PMDev has the leasure to study the code to find out ways to do the same.  And possibly to do it to things a lot more important that documentation nodes.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
So ultimately I have to say I find the arguments about keeping them seperate to still be extremely weak, and the arguments for allowing [pmdev]ers automatic SDC membership even stronger. After all, its been four months since you did the node i linked to.... Four months with important and useful functionality essentially undocumented, unused, the code feeling unwanted, like a lost puppy..... :-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure], 2004-06-30&lt;br /&gt;
What I was trying to say is that I agree that [SiteDocClan|SDC] and [pmdev] are the two sides of the same coin, [SiteDocClan|SDC] providing &lt;i&gt;le fond&lt;/i&gt; (the raw material) and [pmdev] &lt;i&gt;la forme&lt;/i&gt; (the design).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2004-06-30 (by all of 6 minutes)&lt;br /&gt;
SDC is not a lower privledge boundry then pmdev, but one with different tradeoffs.  It's not possible, using established mechinisims at least, for a pmdev to mess things up for normal users without the intervention of the gods.  It is, for a SDCer.... meh, was going to write more, but have to go to bed -- will elsewhen.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[pfaut], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
Could the notification to [SiteDocClan] about documentation that needs updating be as simple as &lt;code&gt;/msg SiteDocClan ...&lt;/code&gt; with a pointer to a description of the changes made?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[dfaure], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;i&gt;I can't resists adding my grain of salt&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;br /&gt;
Where is engraved the law stipulating that having a power/priviledge you're obliged to (ab)use (of) it? in the [id://237040]? What is more surely overtoned there is that the more XP you have, the wiser you're suppose to act (and since [pmdev]ers can't be less than level 8), I'm sure it can't be &lt;u&gt;so&lt;/u&gt; problematic for you the wise ones.&lt;/p&gt; 
&lt;p&gt;On another hand, reading code is always very instructive and may be real good way for us poor monks to learn more!
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
In response... (updated a touch, changed a [pmdev] to a [sitedocclan])
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;dl&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;to [theorbtwo]&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I agree that the docs are the responsibility of SDC.  What I disagree with is that this implies that none of [pmdev] should be allowed to contribute.  Especially insofar as code functionality goes.  [SiteDocClan] is necessarily restricted from actually seeing how what they document works. And the folks that know how it works are restricted from correcting errors. This seems to me to be a ridiculous prospect. Sure we have users in both that can do this, but from my quick perusal pretty much everybody active in [Pmdev] is a member of SDC (the only active contributor that isn't in SDC is [castaway] fwict), and mostly because if they aren't they cant document their code. I see no ground for maintaining parallel users lists when we can just do user group inclusion. Either way we end up at the same point.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Consider me, I'm a [pmdev]er first, and an [SiteDocClan]er second. I'm in the latter pretty much only because I'm in the first. But when people look at my home node they get the impression I'm a good person to talk to about doc fixes. I'm not. I'm not as articulate a writer as many that are in SDC so people should not be confused by my duplicate membership.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I don't think that [pmdev]ers are inclined to do more than correct things or add further technical information. And I don't see why the community should be mislead or under informed because SDC hasn't noticed or had time to make required changes. In this light I made a request a few days back that someone in SDC pick up and improve the new stuff in [id://72241]. It hasn't been done yet. How long would it have taken for the base information and corrections to be added if I couldn't have modified the node myself? A week? Two weeks? A month? What kind of lag time on the documentation is acceptable? Personally i think almost no lag time is. It just annoys folks and makes us look amateurish. (Which we are, but we don't need to prove it by our documentation.)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;
to [tye]
&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I think that's far too simple. We should make it as complicated as possible. Perhaps a skill testing question before they can create the new node?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Seriously though, I don't mind this approach, I just figured it made sense to code some convenience tools to make it easier to manage and reduce silly errors like typos and stuff. All i wanted to do was address two issues, a) does the node &lt;i&gt;already&lt;/i&gt; have a [sitedoclet] and b) an easy way to find it. I guess we could just provide a link by name to the superdocs related [sitedoclet] in the SDC node. I still it think the SDC'ers would appreciate it being a bit smart so they can easily see which superdocs have one and which don't. Minimizing user annoyance by minimal investment of developer resources is the whole I idea I thought.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Lastly I don't see how SDC is supposed to know (beyond guessing) what should be provided via tags or sections or what not if they cant see the source code. I mean an SDC'er looking at [Voting/Experience System] might have concluded that the list of level links are hard coded and spent some time on it. When in fact it dynamically generated from a setting.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;to [davido]&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;
My problem with this is its a lot of work just to avoid having [pmdev] be able to update as required and then flag to SDC that the update needs polishing. Hell i think it would be easier to detect a change to an SDC node by a PMDEVer and auto message the group or what have you than leave entries in the todo-wiki or checklist.
&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dl&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Anyway, it seems like the consensus is that I'm wrong here. But I really think that there is something wrong from forbidding the folks that can see the code from documenting it, and forbidding the folks that do the documenting from seeing the code. That's just inheritably error prone IMO and so far I am unconvinced by the arguments for this that I've heard. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure], 2004-06-29 (already in France :-)&lt;br /&gt;
IMHO, [pmdev]-imposed TO-DO items should go into [id://237008] and original [id://237008] should be renamed to something more adapted to its purpose (sdc-edition-wiki ?).
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-06-28 (still, in California)&lt;br /&gt;
I hear you, but the [Cabalists' Wiki] is too high-traffic with stuff unrelated to [pmdev]/[SiteDocClan|SDC] requests.  I'm recommending a wiki with the sole purpose of tracking the [pmdev]-imposed TO-DO items that [SiteDocClan] needs to address.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
Commenting [davido]'6/28: According to [id://240586], this is the goal of [id://322009]...
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-06-28 (PDT)&lt;br /&gt;
This is in response to [theorbtwo]'s 6/29 comments.&lt;br /&gt;
I agree that SDC has missed some things recently. And I think that your theory as to why is close to accurate.  But I believe that one step in the right direction is going to be a checklist wiki.  I know that SDC catches wind of many of the patches, but maybe the issue is that of a clearcut to-do list.  If [pmdev] creates a patch that changes documented behavior, the "dev/doc" wiki should have a brief description of the patch in it, the person to contact if a clansman has questions, and the date the patch was applied.  Then someone from SDC should step up and add his name to the wiki stating (s)he will take responsibility for making the change or writing the new document.  Once it's been done, the SDC person can make a final post to the wiki stating that item has been taken care of. Hard-rules  (&lt;code&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) should separate patches, and all activity for a given patch and its subsequent SDC work should be logged within the space between two hard-rules.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
This will make it easy to see what has been done, and what is still on the to-do list.  I know SDC has a to-do wiki, but it's used more as a check-in/out log, not as a means of working on to-do lists proposed by [pmdev].  ...comments?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
SDC should have the power to create sitedoclets (a simple change in the node type).  If they want to update text in a superdoc, then they make a sitedoclet with the appropriate name and put the updated text in it and when it is all ready they request pmdev do a trivual patch to replace the old text with a single &lt;code&gt;[sitedoclet:...]&lt;/code&gt;.  If they want some params, then they write the sitedoclet with param placeholders and ask for them in the request.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Or is that just way too simple again?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2004-06-29&lt;br /&gt;
I think we're looking at this the wrong way.  Docs are the responsibility of the Clansmen.  If the docs don't keep up to date with site changes, there are two possibilties.  One is that they have not been kept up to date with what the changes are, so it's not their fault.  The other possibility is that they are being kept up to date, and it is their fault.  I suppose there is a third possibility, that there are not enough of them -- that's the gods (read: my) fault, and not really their fault.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;I don't think the first is the case.  Many new features have been announced, with fully readable annoncements, with bits ripe for cut-and-pasting.  Requests for documentation have been posted here, and in the [sitedocclan wiki], and even, IIRC, by /msg to [sitedocclan].  They can hardly not know about this stuff.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;So, do I need to start looking for new [SiteDocClan]smen (or women, of course)?  Do we need to give the SDC more cudos?  What can we do to make our SDCers more happy, and more productive?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-06-28&lt;br /&gt;
Just so everybody understands that wasnt really meant to be serious. I dont think any SDC'er would delete such things, and i dont even think they are likely to do so accidentally either.
&lt;p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Regarding this division between SDC and PMdev. My problem here is that all too often our docs get out of synch because [pmdev] changes something, SDC doesn't notice, and the [pmdev]er _can't_ update the text. Case in point would be the recent changes to the XML stuff. If i wasnt a god/SDC'er i couldnt have updated [What XML generators are available on PM].
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Now if folks really think us nasty developers are going to mess up the SDC program then fine. I will say that I'm of the opinion that the way [pmdev] is going now that its unlikely (look at the active participants and their memberships.) Perhaps the issue here is that we aught to clean out non-contributing folk from [pmdev] so that there is less worry on this subject.  But whatever, im open to further discussion on the subject for sure. My motivation is just to come up with a solution that enables us to keep the documentation as closely in synch with the actual functionality.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-06-28&lt;br /&gt;
Clarification: I was not suppossing that our brave SDCers might delete parts of a document on purpose, but rather the possibility that someone       ustaccidently mistype a section name, and thus cause somethin to inadvertantly stop working.
&lt;p&gt;
I agree that adding [pmdev] to SDC seems like a bit of an overkill. Just allowing both groups to create/edit the sitedoclets themselves should be enough. Where pmdev probably does minimal work, and SDC actually writes the documentation.
&lt;p&gt;
Mebbe I missed something, but are not SDC already in charge of docs? (I dont see what motivational value this has, but Im not one, so whatever ;)
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-06-28&lt;br /&gt;
I don't have a lot of time to compose this response, so I'll make it brief.  I think that making making all pmdevers implicitly site-docers might be a little too aggressive.  It appers to me that [SiteDocClan] is pretty careful with what goes on in their neck of the woods, and it might turn the whole place into an unholy mess if [pmdev] starts making changes all over the place.  My proposal would be to implement a [pmdev] to [SiteDocClan] request wiki.  Maybe this wiki ([Cabalists' Wiki]) is good enough for that purpose.  [pmdev] can make their requests for updates to SDC stuff, and SDC can post a followup when it's been done.  Better to have a little more check-and-balancing going on.  Just a thought.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-06-28&lt;br /&gt;
Yeah, [castaway] definately as an initial step we should use the Cabal Wiki to commnicate requests for new [sitedoclets]. However im in favour of adopting a variant of your original approach to scratchpads as a longer term view. Essentially I think that any [pmdev]er or [SiteDocClan]er should be able to create/view/edit the [sitedoclet] associated with a code node. However, as there are restrictions on which nodes SDC can view (they are prohibited from viewing [htmlcode] nodes for instance) we will need to make some design decisions.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
My thinking goes like this:
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[pmdev] should should be placed inside [SiteDocClan] so that all [pmdev]ers are capable of modifing documentation to reflect how the code actually works. I dont see an issue with this as even if they are poor authors, other members can beautify their text, and I believe that as ultmately [pmdev] represents a higher trust level than [SiteDocClan] its unlikely that folks are going to mess things up without a good reason. By doing this we can put all the [sitedoclet] management code in the [SiteDocClan] wiki.
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;
[SiteDocClan] should be in the position to take the lead with regard to enhancing documentation. I believe that is an important motivational aspect. I think that if an SDC'er creates an updated documentation for a code node of some sort (primarily this would be [SuperDoc]s at this point), then a [pmdev]er is much more likely to make the code change to use that documentation. (And to make it work according to the requirements of the code, such as adding the appropriate tags/sections to the pmdev'er contribution.)
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;
[PMDev] must also be able to initiate such an action, but i see this happening more with new patches and rollouts than retrofits. And as new rollouts are likely to be at a slower pace than [SiteDocClan] can do retrofits I think this is less of a big deal. (Especially as [gods|godly] intervention is required for new code nodes.)
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;
I think that for most viewable code nodes there should be a corresponding [sitedoclet]. As i proposed below the sitedoclet should be named the same as the code node but for a "sitedoclet" appended to the name. (Unlike scratchpads I see little need for multiple sitedoclets per code node so I think this type of "by title" linking is appropriate.) The [SiteDocClan Nodelet] should when viewing a code node provide a link to create/edit the corresponding sitedoclet, and this link should be available to both SDC and PMDev.
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;
Where things get tricky is when we need a sitedoclet for [htmlcode] that is called out from the viewable page (such as my tendency to make [superdoc]s little more than a shell to maximize reuse). In this case the sitedoclet should be associated with the _main_ superdoc that calls it, and should be so named. An example in my mind is [Scratch Pad Viewer]. While this has minimal text its a good example of the scenario i mean. It calls out to [handle_scratch_pad_viewer], so were we to add documentation text to the SPV we would create it against the SPV and not handle_scratch_pad_viewer. Then handle_scratch_pad_viewer would 
do a htmlcode('get_sitedoclet','Scratch Pad Viewer Sitedoclet', ...) etc. Maybe [get_sitedoclet] should be modified to automatically add the "sitedoclet" to the name...
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;
We definately need a "list sitedoclets" mechanism available to both [pmdev] and [SiteDocClan]. (The irony is that would be a [superdoc] and as such would probably have an associated [sitedoclet] itself. Isn't PM fun?)
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Regarding sections there is no problem if SDC deletes the section, insofar as this wont cause a fatal error. However it might earn the person responsible a serious bollacking or even the revoking of their SDC membership if it was seen as anything other than accidental.
For the record currently only [gods] can create sitedoclet's. Which i agree is not quite right. Anyway forgive my babbling... :-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-06-28&lt;br /&gt;
Nifty. I found some other places it would be useful, recently.. ([showhints] for example)..
&lt;p&gt;
What we will also need, is some sort of method how these things are created and managed, since it requires SDC and pmdev working together. Idea: Any nodes that need splitting into such docs should be reported to [pmdev] via /msg [pmdev], or on this wiki. A new sitedoclet needs to be created, (does anyone yet have the power to do that?) Useful would be if a pmdever could create them, by clicking on some sort of 'make sitedoclet out of this node' button, which creates an empty sitedoclet, containing the section/tag titles, used in the node being looked at (Or patch). - or the pmdever puts the titles in manually. After creation, the sitedoclet belongs to SDC.
&lt;p&gt;
We need a list of such nodelets that SDC can view.. (since they cant see the list on the nodetype).
&lt;p&gt;
I havent looked yet, but what happens if the section the pmdev part of the doc refers to, isnt in the sitedoclet? Im hoping it'll just be missing that doc section, so that SDC changing docs cant kill things.. :)
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-06-27&lt;br /&gt;
Hi folks. I've released a new feature designed to help the [SiteDocClan] guys help the [pmdev] folks document their stuff. This would be a new nodetype called [sitedoclet]. These are similar to [sitefaqlet]'s except that they are designed and intended to be used by [htmlcode] and other code based [nodetype]s. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The only node so far using this stuff is [Voting/Experience System], with the documentation being placed in [Voting/Experience System sitedoclet]. SDC have the appropriate rights to edit and modify these nodes.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The [sitedoclet]s are accessed by [pmdev]ers via the [get_sitedoclet] node, which allows a number of special techniques to all the two groups to work together. These are via what I call "fields" or "sections", and via substitution "tags" in the sitedoclet. Sections start like this:
&lt;code&gt;
&lt;!--&amp;SECTION_NAME&amp;--&gt;
&lt;/code&gt;
(there is no end tag, multiple sections can be included in a single doctext, conversly a [sitedoclet] need not have any sections at all. Its all up to the [pmdev]er who does the work.) Tags look like this:
&lt;code&gt;
&lt;!--$TAG_NAME$--&gt;
&lt;/code&gt;
these special tags are designated by the [pmdev]er who writes the code. [get_sitedoclet] will handle substituting in the appropriate content for the tags, and returning to the [pmdev]er the correct section. So its wise not to delete, or change these tags. However the rest of the content is available for editing. In the example I have prepared I've only used tags, but other [pmdev]ers might prefer to use sections.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
In essence sections allow the pmdever to position the documentation, and tags allow SDC to position whatever it is that the [pmdev]er thinks is needed. So for instance in the example node there are the &lt;code&gt;&lt;!--$table$--&gt;&lt;/code&gt; and 
&lt;code&gt;&lt;!--$norm--&gt;&lt;/code&gt; tags. Both of these values will be provided by the code, and its up to SDC where to put them. As i said, if the developer chooses, they can take the opposite tack and ask SDC to manage sections, and then the [pmdev]er will place them in their output as is needed.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
At the current point we are lacking in various nice-to-haves to make this process easier. As such my approach is that the [sitedoclet] associated with a node will have the same title, except with 'sitedoclet' appended to it. This means that if you hit a code node of some sort that you think should be available to you, then just change the name as appropriate. If the node does in fact use a [sitedoctlet] then it should take you there. We can figure out a more intelligent way to manage stuff like this as we go along, and ideas present themselves.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Obviously however there will be alot of stuff that doesnt use this, as such I think the best approach is that when folks notice them inform [pmdev] via the [id://322009] and likewise pmdev will either inform people here as well as we start releasing new sitedoclets.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Anyway, hopefully this is a good step towards opening up all the harder to document and manage nodes for the future. Cheers.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure] 2004-06-21&lt;br/&gt;
It seems that some of the pt_BR translations nodes of [id://237040|PerlMonks FAQ] are typed as &lt;b&gt;perltutorial&lt;/b&gt; instead of &lt;b&gt;sitefaqlet&lt;/b&gt;. I suspect this is an error (votes/replies are enabled).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ysth], 2004-06-20&lt;br /&gt;
I know it's taken me a while to come around, but I now agree with you, [tye],
re wiki permissions and can{Read,Update}Node.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-06-20&lt;br /&gt;
Indeed, I had no idea this feature existed as I haven't normally had janitor rights and i never added myself to that user group once i become god. So while i can see the nodelet with my [flux8] account I never paid much attention. Im going to add my [demerphq] account to Janitors thought for this reason. Anyway, i used this feature to restore the missing part of the pmdev wiki from yesterday.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-06-20&lt;br /&gt;
That's useful to &amp;amp;#91;Janitors].  The rest of us don't have the Janitors' Nodelet (or at least it doesn't appear on [Nodelet Settings] for me).
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-06-20&lt;br /&gt;
I''ve mentioned this more than once lately but it seems several people haven't noticed / understood it.  When viewing a wiki, you can hit the 'history' link of the janitors' nodelet and see all of the edits ever done to that wiki including the full texts (janitors may not have permissions but that should change -- and here is another example of why canReadNode needs to handle wiki permissions, [ysth]).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
This means that if, for example, the gods' wiki or the pmdev wiki overflows, then the 'lost' content can be recovered without heroic efforts.  
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-06-14&lt;br /&gt;
They've all been restored that can be.  I think three weren't in any backup (got wiped too quickly after being created) but two of those were grabbed by [thepen] and [Chady] restored those.  Though he got the signature wrong on [id://363639].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Thanks, [Chady]. Sorry you restored a bunch of others before I got them from the backups.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;


&lt;p&gt;[grinder] 2004-06-14&lt;br /&gt;
Well spotted. I saw two in a thread and put them up for reaping. Didn't think to check the rest. (They should be unconsidered if they are still open).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-06-11 0841 CDT&lt;br /&gt;
[id://357909|baruch] has wiped all of his nodes sometime in the last 24 hours or so.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Petruchio] 2004-05-20&lt;br/&gt;
I agree, except when having and advertising are mutually exclusive
options. Sometimes you have to make choices. :-/
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-05-20 15:15 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Of course, I'm not really arguing that the feature should be disabled.
I'm arguing that it should be publicly documented.
It's a cool feature.  If it's worthing having, it's worth advertising.
The current situation feels to me like an uncomfortable limbo state,
and goes against my sense of egalitarianism, which I feel ought to
apply at the Monastery.&lt;br/&gt; But I've said my 2 bits.  Do whatever.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Petruchio] 2004-05-19&lt;br/&gt;
Let's say that [tye] is correct: the present situation is tenable, but it would
become untenable if we 'advertised'. The feature is useful to those who are
aware of it. I am wondering by what reasoning it would be a good thing to take
away something which benefits at least those people.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
No, of course the people who notice aren't a 'worthier subset' than those who
don't. They're all worthy.  For that matter, Novices are worthy of the best
Super Search we can give them. We're simply constrained by the available
resources.  I cannot think of a criterion I'd like to apply to pick the
saints worthy of this power. If the present situation works, why change it?
Some people gain, and, beyond sharing an apparently tolerable performance hit,
nobody loses.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Incidentally, I neither use this feature, nor know much about Super Search;
credit for most of the bells and whistles on that gadget belongs to [tye].
So I'll leave the technical talk to him.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-05-19&lt;br/&gt;
Then let's talk technical. How many regexes per day are currently being done?
By how many users?  What fraction of the eligible users does that represent?
At what usage rate (regexes per day) will site performance be significantly impacted?
(Where "significantly impacted" should be something quantitative, e.g. a 10% reduction in throughput.)  I submit that if having two or more simultaneous regexes running has a significant impact, then the feature should be disabled now.  (Of course, [gods] would be excepted.)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-05-19&lt;br /&gt;
All analogies are bogus.  You didn't "get" it, so I tried.  I'm not worried about a crushing deluge.  It won't take much to require further restriction of the regex feature.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-05-19&lt;br/&gt;
Bogus analogies.  What fun.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
IMHO, documenting the feature is not going to result in a crushing deluge of
[id://244022|saints] hammering the MySQL regex engine.  I guess you have reason
for suspecting otherwise.  Of course, yho is much more valid than mine -- to
the point that anything I might say is only so much farting in a storm. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-05-19&lt;br /&gt;
If I have some beer handy and a random person walks by and notices, I'm happy to share a beer.  If I put up a sign that says "free beer", then that clearly isn't going to work for very long.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If the feature is documented in level powers, then everyone who reaches saint will be handed a pointer to it.  I strongly suspect that would increase the use of that feature quite a bit.  Such heavy use would likely lead to the feature needing to be disabled for such a wide audience.  So I could just short circuit the process and disable it right now.  That appears to be what you would prefer because otherwise it "doesn't make sense to you".
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
So documenting it likely leads to it needing to be disabled (which certainly should lead to it no longer being documented) and not documenting likely leads to it not needing to be disabled (for a while longer, anyway).  Maybe MySQL will get much more efficient regexes (which exist -- MySQL is using a regex library that is known for being quite inefficient) before the feature becomes a problem at the current rate of people noticing it &lt;b&gt;only when they are looking for it&lt;/b&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
For me, it isn't difficult to choose the marginally more useful option over the option that "makes sense to [jdporter]".  Life is sometimes subtle and dynamic systems sometimes exhibit rather complex behavior.  I don't mind reacting to them in ways that don't fit some people's expectations.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-05-19&lt;br/&gt;
See, now, this is an attitude I do not understand. Why should a useful feature of the site only be available to those who "notice" it on their own? Seems to me that you don't select a more worthy subset of users by filtering on that criterion. If you don't want people to use the feature, then maybe you should disable it. Or limit its use to those whom you trust not to abuse it, like [gods].  Or Cabalists. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-05-19&lt;br /&gt;
Nobody wants any mystery in their life??  And I don't want to encourage the use of regexes in [Super Search] so I'd prefer to leave that for people to notice on their own. Thankyouverymuch.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], 2004-05-19&lt;br /&gt;
I noticed the level powers section of the faq has been fleshed out.  I'd like
to comment that level 3 and level 7 actually do get a special power: read and
write (respectively) access to a very special wiki ('nough said).
&lt;p&gt;
Also I note that saints gain the ability to do regex searches on titles in [super search].  If this were moved to level 9, there would be only one remaining level without a gained power.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-05-10&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks for checking into it [castaway].  Sorry I missed that.  I've kind of gotten into the habbit of only clicking "submit" buttons when I intend to submit something.  ...to me 'submit' in the Monastery's context means to submit a post or node.  So I overlooked the dual-usage.  If I recall, 'talk' doesn't serve to execute 'delete' or 'kill' requests.  But I guess that's because 'talk' is a nodelet button.
&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-05-10&lt;br /&gt;
Weeeellll.. I got me joined to [Q&amp;Aeditors] to figure out what exactly was the problem, and it turns out there isn't one at all. In short, if the vote button doesn't show, just use the 'Submit' button (at the top, where you can edit the contents). The only point of the action is to reload the page with the current parameters set, since the actual deleting etc is done by the page itself, on reload, if the params are set. At least, it appeared to work fine that way for me. Speak up if it doesnt for you, and Im going crazy..
&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-05-10&lt;br /&gt;
No, editors have no such restrictions, that seems a little silly to me, and is probably still there because of historical reasons. I'm guessing a normal button would be the solution.. (and to remove whatever functionality the 'vote' button has in that capactity)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-05-09 2312 PDT&lt;br /&gt;
This might be one for [PMDev].  [QandAEditors] have a problem wherein they're unable to perform a 'delete' or 'kill' if they're out of votes for the day.  After selecting the appropriate check-box, they must click &lt;code&gt;vote&lt;/code&gt; to carry out the action.  If votes are spent, there's no action button.  Do the [janitors] have any similar issues?  Is there an easy fix for [PMDev]?  It doesn't come up often; It's rare that I might use up all my votes on the same day that I spot a node that needs removal from Q&amp;A, but it has come up a couple times that I recall.
&lt;hr&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BazB], 2004-05-03&lt;br /&gt;
Yes - it's an [janitors|editors] only page, used specifically for reparenting misplaced nodes. The general populace (even non-[janitor]ing cabalists) shouldn't be able to access the page.

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], 2004-05-03&lt;br /&gt;
Tried to look at [id://60309] and got a "Um, are you &lt;em&gt;supposed&lt;/em&gt; to be here?" message.  Is there reason to conceal this from the general populace?
&lt;br /&gt;update: thanks [BazB]; I had got the misimpression it was a document, not
a form.
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
[davido], 2004-04-24 22:30 PST&lt;br /&gt;
This entry is to record in the [Cabal] [id://322009|wiki] a link to [castaway]'s announcement of [id://347864].  Thanks for the work [castaway].  Anyone who wishes to use this new feature may turn it on via [id://25185].  The &lt;code&gt;*&lt;/code&gt; (asterisk) next to a particular wiki means there's been a change since you last viewed it. Enjoy!&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
[davido], 2004-03-30 2344 PST&lt;br /&gt;
Just a head's up to the [janitors].  [id://340870] has been considered for promotion to tutorials.  My feeling (as the original node's author, as well as a member of [SiteDocClan]) is that it probably should &lt;b&gt;not&lt;/b&gt; be promoted, as [jdporter], in behalf of [SiteDocClan] has already incorporated its content into a new FAQlet that will probably appear under [id://237040] when it comes out of alpha stage.&lt;p&gt;
[davido], 2004-03-31 0024 PST: [castaway] has unconsidered it.  Thanks.&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-03-23 1842 UTC  -- Or &lt;i&gt;Custodians&lt;/i&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[castaway], 2004-03-23&lt;br /&gt;
[tye] renamed the group from 'editors' to 'janitors' not to long ago, I believe he is still in the midst of updating things that pointed to it. Personally, I'd still prefer 'editors'. If the reason was to be more like 'being a monastery', then I'd prefer 'sweepers' ,)
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ybiC], 2004-03-21&lt;br /&gt;
I tend to prefer the term "&lt;i&gt;janitor&lt;/i&gt;" over "&lt;i&gt;editor&lt;/i&gt;" to avoid inferring content editorializing, and to reflect more accurately the general role of (&lt;i&gt;jan&lt;/i&gt;|&lt;i&gt;ed&lt;/i&gt;)itor monks in maintaining a reasonably clean appearance of the Monastery. &amp;nbsp; But that's just me, nothing official. &amp;nbsp; On perhaps a more official note, I've noticed in recent months at least one existing reference to '[editors]' having been changed to read '[janitors]'.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Aristotle], 2004-03-20&lt;br/&gt;
My unofficial opinion is that "janitor" is an affectionate name on par with "pmdevil", to be used in casual conversation, but not appropriate in documentation.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-03-20 1546 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Is there an official preference for one of the terms "janitor"/"editor" over the other,
wrt site documentation?  I personally prefer to use "editor", as "janitor" sounds so
slangy and trite.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-03-20 0233 PST:&lt;br/&gt;
The 'delete' feature available to [QandAEditors] for deleting QandA &lt;u&gt;Questions&lt;/u&gt; requires that Javascript be enabled for it to work properly.  There is a workaround but it involves appending some text to the URL in my browser, and I have to look it up every time I do it (since the occasions on which I need the feature are so infrequent).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Would it be a major headache for the [pmdev] folks to fix that feature so that it doesn't require that I enable Javascript in my browser on those few occasions where the feature is needed?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye] 2004-03-15&lt;br/&gt;
I believe that any remaining documentation nodes that are superdocs are either already obsolete (there is already a faqlet to replace it) or contain code that is run when the page is rendered (and so can't be turned into faqlets and can't be editted except by [gods], though [pmdev] members can patch them.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If there is lots of text in some superdoc such that SDC feels the need to edit it frequently, then the text can be moved into a node (not a faqlet, though) and change the superdoc to pull in that text when it displays.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[pfaut] 2004-03-16 03:30 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I have a local DB populated from node queries using the XML interface.  I don't see any strangenodes or strangedocs that are documentation nodes.  There are a few superdocs, though.  [id://972], [id://977], [id://5938], [id://9953], [id://16889], [id://29281], [id://42269], [id://243116].

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-03-15 1800 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
There's also the problem of strangedocs and superdocs (and possibly others).
These need to be found and converted.
Is Navigation By Node Type still disabled?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug], 2004-03-15&lt;br /&gt;
Two responses:
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;[castaway] talks about a node that's been lost:&lt;/b&gt; Would it be possible to keep a diff in the database of edited root nodes? That way it could have a flag that said 'This node has been edited, click here for a diff history'. I think however this discussion would be better moved to PMD.
&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;[demerphq] talks about docs that aren't SDC nodes:&lt;/b&gt; Can pmdev* let the SDC know when new functionality is being developed. Then the SDC* works with pmdev* to create the docs for the change. Then the docs are released as an announce is made in PMD.&lt;/ul&gt;
* SDC means the [SiteDocClan] or a member thereof. pmdev means [pmdev] or a member thereof.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-03-12&lt;br /&gt;
I think we need to start identifying all the places where the site links to non SDC nodes as documentation and convert them to [SiteDocClan] nodes that can be maintained by that group.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
For one thing we have the problem that as [pmdev] and the [gods] enhance the site the documentation becomes less and less valid, and as the nodes are actually posts (mostly PMD's) they cant easily be changed, and also we run into the issue that if we do change them the replies from when they were originally posted look out of context. I dont think we want the site documented as a bunch of &lt;strong&gt;Updated&lt;/strong&gt; sections in PMD nodes.  :-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The reason i post this here is so that the most users possible are aware of the issue and can bring the nodes to [pmdev] and the [SiteDocClan]s attention. I include [pmdev] in this comment because some of the doc nodes are actually htmlcode nodes and as such need to be dealt with by [pmdev]. Also I think its worth thinking about a mechanism by which we can have SDC responsible for the non code aspects of such nodes.  I dont have a proposal to this effect, its just an idea, but one I think long term probably should be implemented.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[castaway] 2004-03-12&lt;br /&gt;
Re: [id://336012] - I can't find the original text on thepen, or the news server (former has the the changed version of the node, latter appears not to have it at all), so I can't restore it, unfortunately. I really do think we should have something which checks how much of a node has been changed, and puts up a big warning that we'd *really* prefer people not to completely replace node content. Not that it's getting out of hand, it's just annoying when it happens.
&lt;hr &gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dvergin], 2004-02-16&lt;br /&gt;
Perhaps a member of the [SiteDocClan] could handle the following correction requested by [fraktalisman] in the [Editor Requests].
&lt;blockquote&gt;
   In node [id://236804], section Windows (all variants), 
   the link to the Proton editor website is no longer correct. 
   The current link is just [http://www.meybohm.de]
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;Strong&gt;Fixed&lt;/strong&gt; -- [demerphq] 2004-02-16&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2004-01-26&lt;br /&gt;
It occurs to me that this probably ties in with Petruchio's urge for CSSification somehow, but am not really up on his machinations. Maybe you and he could chat, [demerphq]. All cabalists (hee, hee, I feel so nefarious) should have read access to all administrative wikis (pmdev, sdc, maybe gods), so feel free to poke around there as well.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-01-26&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks [boo_radley|boo]. I hadn't gotten that far in my SDC skills, but I did have a begining hammered out with the CB crew last friday on my scratch pad. I changed the name to suit what I had done so far. Feel free to improve, change whatever. :-) Personally I think a new name is in order, but my creativity is low on monday mornings.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley], 2004-01-23&lt;br /&gt;
[demerphq], here is your sitefaqlet ([id://323419]). are you looking for a faqlet to document your changes, or were you wanting SDC to summarize the thread you referenced therein?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], 2004-01-23&lt;br/&gt;
Looks like [demerphq] is now a member of [SiteDocClan], so he'll be fixin' his own wagon-wheel, wrt the following:
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], 2004-01-22&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- demerphq, forgive me - I wiped out the dialogue-like character of this entry - jdporter --&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Re: [id://319078]: I'll be doing some stuff on this soon. I would like someone in SiteDocClan to set up a doc node that I can reference in my patches.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The nodes in question are the replies and comments starting [id://319186]. This concerns how the sig tag wrapping of signature data is handled. Basically I intend to add information to node creation linking to this information, as well as a detection routine for when someone does a node that is entirely or substantially wrapped in sig tags (details are uncertain at this point).  However at very minimum the sig tag handling should be documented and a link provided on the user settings page to explain them. If the doc node is set up I can put together patches needed for the other nodes.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Aristotle], 2004-01-20&lt;br /&gt;
The problem with taking this to PMD is that discussion on the [QandAEditors] wiki is referenced.. I guess that means taking this to the public would mean summarizing what has been discussed so far. For the record, I think it's too early to be accepting Perl6-centric "answers" at this point, while in principle I'm in favour of not separating Perl6 from Perl5 content.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2004-01-19, in the wee hours of the morning, CET&lt;br /&gt;
When I said that this shouldn't be used as a substitute for [Perl Monks Discussion], this was &lt;em&gt;exactly&lt;/em&gt; what I was talking about.  Read the existing discussions there, and if that isn't enough for you guys to form a policy, ask on PMD.  
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-01-18&lt;br&gt;
I also agree with [ybiC].  However, at &lt;em&gt;this early point&lt;/em&gt; the answer in question can't be more than speculation.  We wouldn't accept "Answers" that said, "When Some::Module is finished at some point in the undefined future, you can use it to empty an array by saying $handle-&gt;empty(@array);"
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;I feel that Perl 6ish content does and will have a place in the monastery.  However, I believe that until we grow closer to even a beta release of Perl 6, Perl 6 "Answers" in QandA should be in direct response to Perl 6 "Questions".  We don't need an answer type mismatch at this early date.  But that's my opinion, and my mind still isn't settled on either side of the fense.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ybiC], 2004-01-18&lt;br /&gt;
My first thought is remembering a thread from some months/years ago where somemonk suggested a separate section for Perl 6 questions, where the idea was roundly shot down. &amp;nbsp; It would seem to me that as long as a Perl6-ish answer were identified explicitly as such, that would be good. &amp;nbsp; Assuming PM sticks around long enough and that Perl 6 gets widely adopted, then eventually PM will gradually shift from being Perl5-centric to Perl6-centric. &amp;nbsp; My thoughts, worth exactly what you paid for'em.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], 2004-01-18&lt;br&gt;
A recent discussion has cropped up on the [QandAEditors]' [id://133122|wiki] regarding the appropriateness of Perl 6-centric "Answers" to Perl-5 questions on [Catagorized Questions and Answers|Q and A].  Only two of us [QandAEditors] seem to be actively following the slow-moving wiki, and though we seem to be in agreement, I feel that before we settle on a rule of thumb in this area, it is a good idea to seek the rest of [Cabal]'s opinion.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The answer that prompted the discussion is [id://321712], where [Anonymous Monk] posted an answer that is only applicable to Perl 6.  Though it is clear in his answer that it only applies to Perl 6, I feel that it is not useful as a Q and A answer.  Rather than go into all the pros and cons here that [ysth] and I have already discussed in the [QandAEditors] wiki, I encourage you to read our [id://133122|wiki] to catch up on the discussion first, and then to weigh in here with your thoughts on the matter.  Please do read the discussion there first.  I value your opinion, but just want to be sure that any followup discussion here has the proper context.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[QandAEditors|We] look forward to reading the insight of our more experienced bretheren.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat], 2004-01-17&lt;br /&gt;
Here's an issue where [SiteDocClan] and [pmdev] need to work together.  [SiteDocClan] received the following message a while back:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[castaway] says hmm.. the explanation for angle brackets in [id://17544] sounds to me like any '&lt;blah&gt;' text will be thrown away (it says 'parsed out') .. which it clearly isnt..&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[id://17544] is incorrectly documented.  I've tested the different cases that were documented there and all of them work (but some whitespace was removed).  Even though I have access to the code, it's not practical for me to check it all since I'm on dial up. :-(  Could someone that is not using dial up check the code to see how angle brackets are really being parsed?  I'd really like to get the documentation revised as soon as possible (it's been wrong for long enough).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Louis_Wu], 2004-01-17&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks, [theorbtwo].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2004-01-17&lt;br /&gt;
Welcome to the Cabalists' Wiki.  This wiki is dedicated to the souls of the many brave men and women... oh, wait, wrong speech.  This wiki is for cooporation between the members of the Perl Monks Cabal: [QandAEditors], [power users], [editors], [SiteDocClan]sMen, [pmdev]ils, and [gods] should all be able to read and write to it.  So if somebody from another group wants documentation written, they should discuss it with the [SiteDocClan] here.  If somebody wants an internal feature written, this is the forum in which you should yell at [pmdev] here.  If the [power users] want to discuss something, this is a jolly place to put it, since the poor unfortunates don't have a wiki of there own.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Please, though, don't use this as a substutute for [perl monks discussion|PMD].  Plain ordinary users really do deserve a voice.  (In case you think not, remember, you used to be one... well, [vroom|most of you].)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
</field>
</data>
</node>
