<node>
  <doctext>&lt;dl&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;[Co-Rion], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-06-30 11:58:10&quot; name=&quot;2008-06-30 11:58:10&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-06-30 11:58:10]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Please welcome [ambrus]!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-05-27 14:30:51&quot; name=&quot;2008-05-27 14:30:51&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-05-27 14:30:51]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Yes. I'm registering one objection. FWIW. Not that this should come as a surprise.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[Arunbear], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-05-24 19:08:35&quot; name=&quot;2008-05-24 19:08:35&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-05-24 19:08:35]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Re the earlier discussion on the [SOPW] and [PMD] shortcuts, I also think that the faqlets are a better fit (more user friendly and not suffering from the length limit of faqstrings, plus they link back to the FAQs). Any objections to restoring those?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-05-21 01:19:03&quot; name=&quot;2008-05-21 01:19:03&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-05-21 01:19:03]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The login bonus is a 25% chance of getting 2XP each day.  I changed [id://21211].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-04-16 09:38:09&quot; name=&quot;2008-04-16 09:38:09&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-04-16 09:38:09]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Thanks, [ww]. Great job.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-04-14 15:55:19&quot; name=&quot;2008-04-14 15:55:19&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-04-14 15:55:19]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Added links to [id://674668] to &quot;Getting Started...&quot;, &quot;Advanced...&quot;, and &quot;Posting...&quot; in [id://483072]. The 2nd and 3rd already had links to [id://29281], which offers no useage info; I put in in the first on the theory that some new Monks won't get past that.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Also, in [[id://21211]], added explanation (in 4th &amp;lt;li&gt;): 1XP/day for simply logging in.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-03-17 19:46:46&quot; name=&quot;2008-03-17 19:46:46&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-03-17 19:46:46]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Faqlet created: [id://674668] with thanks to [jdporter] and all the others, credited below).&lt;p&gt;Working on possible update of [id://29281]&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-03-16 15:49:54&quot; name=&quot;2008-03-16 15:49:54&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-03-16 15:49:54]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I guess I owe the Clan clarification on intent (or my conception | hope | whatever; YMMV) which is to provide a new target for a hint-link on the order of &quot;Absolutely fundamental formatting. Read before you create&quot; or somesuch. I think that should appear ABOVE hint-links like &quot;Posts may use any of the Perl Monks Approved HTML tags,&quot; found below the text entry boxes when creating a node.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Since (lack of) formatting seems to cause a major part of the Janitors' workload, and because I see many Monks, new and old, to whom .html is 'terra nova' or 'mere code-monkey stuff, unworthy of attention' or somesuch, I am pretty much hoping to create a highly visible, easy to read, bit BASIC guidance to new folks. (I guess that does tend to put it in the tutorial mode but at the same time, I seek additional wisdom on how best to make it &quot;one click away&quot; from the would-be OP.)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; I think this is needed because of the recent request, [Need examples for PerlMonks HTML Tags] and because of the frequency with which new nodes fail to use tags, approved or otherwise.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Afterthought: I suppose the logical extension (or alternative) might be to re-write and reformat [Perl Monks Approved HTML tags] in the style of the tabular rundown provided by [blokhead]. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-03-16 11:43:42&quot; name=&quot;2008-03-16 11:43:42&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-03-16 11:43:42]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Nice job, [ww].  I think you should go ahead and create the faqlet.
The PM FAQ is not so sacred that we need to belabor every proposed new faqlet.
(Of course, there must be restraint as well.)
That said, I think the essential question is, Where in the overall structure of the FAQ will this fit?  If (as it seems to me, on a cursory reading) this is meant to be an expansion on the existing faqlet, then you could probably link it there as a &quot;for more info&quot; kind of thing.  Another possibility, if it is meant to be more pedagogical in nature, is that you post it as a [Tutorials|Tutorial], for the [id://519263] category.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-03-15 19:23:48&quot; name=&quot;2008-03-15 19:23:48&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-03-15 19:23:48]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Comments and suggestions re [id://672852] seem to have run their course. What is the consensus here, re making it a faqlet, for linking from the various places in which [id://29281] (non-tutorial in character for users unfamiliar with .html) and/or [id://17558] (only partially relevant) are provided as guidance on markup?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-02-16 20:14:22&quot; name=&quot;2008-02-16 20:14:22&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-02-16 20:14:22]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Per suggestion from [bobf], I have amended [id://324077] to refer the prospective poll-poster to [poll ideas quest]. For background, see our message inbox.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
On a tangent... I suggest that [SiteDocClan|clansfolk] not use our Message Inbox to discuss and document SDC matters. It's not convenient, and it's why we have this here wiki. TIA.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-02-12 21:58:40&quot; name=&quot;2008-02-12 21:58:40&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-02-12 21:58:40]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;minor formatting &amp; one edit (added &lt;c&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;/c&gt; re &lt;c&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/c&gt; in [id://17558], but in doing so, found that &lt;c&gt;&lt;br/&lt;/c&gt; is footnoted in [id://29281] with an opinon (deprecation?) contrary to the (original) recommendation in [id://17558].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

[shmem], &lt;a href=&quot;#2008-01-27 10:24:24&quot; name=&quot;2008-01-27 10:24:24&quot;&gt;[localtime://2008-01-27 10:24:24]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I have edited the [id://487797] and the [id://487801] and marked &quot;Contact Info&quot; as deprecated. Patch to [id://1758] is done (reason: see [id://664518]).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-20 00:25:03&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-20 00:25:03&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-20 00:25:03]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Could stand to mention the newer &quot;Filter HTML of monks' homenodes&quot;
option.  Note that for cookie security, [gods] get that enabled whether
they want it or not.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[pfaut], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-17 22:20:48&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-17 22:20:48&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-17 22:20:48]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I have an edit on [pad://pfaut|my scratchpad].  Any comments?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-17 21:44:29&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-17 21:44:29&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-17 21:44:29]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Good catch.  I would say that it does. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
In addition to what you mentioned, I found the following:
&lt;ol&gt;
&lt;li&gt;
The [pmdev://Community Ads] nodelet uses javascript. 
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;
[Petruchio]'s alternative interface [http://css.perlmonks.org/] uses a little javascript for navigation.
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;
The [QandAEditors] get some javascript when managing [Categorized Questions and Answers].
&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;
The [gods]' view of the site includes some javascript widgets, e.g. for cloning and editing nodes.
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
Probably some/most of these are not worth mentioned in said faqlet, however.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[pfaut], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-17 20:00:44&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-17 20:00:44&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-17 20:00:44]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[242931|PerlMonks and JavaScript] claims PerlMonks doesn't use JavaScript.  This doesn't appear to be true anymore.  [Recently Active Threads] for one includes a bit of JavaScript to allow sections to be opened and closed.  I believe I have seen other pages that include JavaScript as well.  Also, many Free Nodelet hacks have been discussed that involve JavaScript.  Does this page need to be updated?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-12 23:07:42&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-12 23:07:42&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-12 23:07:42]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Yes.  SoPW is the big win and PMD is second (being the most clearly purposed section), IMHO.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[yitzchak], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-12 21:08:05&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-12 21:08:05&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-12 21:08:05]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[tye], sounds like you are saying you want the content to be
suitable for responding &quot;Post in [SoPW]&quot; to someone asking
a question in the CB that isn't suitable there?  Correct me
if I'm misunderstanding, please.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-12 16:24:00&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-12 16:24:00&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-12 16:24:00]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Um, no, clicking [Seekers of Perl Wisdom] does not document the section well.  It takes you to the section which doesn't tell much about the important stuff that a new visitor needs to know about that section (and being taken to the section means one is likely to be distracted by the section contents and not pay proper attention to the descriptive heading text).  None of the points I mentioned are addressed by jumping to the section itself.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
There was no faqlet on SoPW, the section, so my documentation was not redundant. And it was purpose-driven.  I looked for SoPW and PMD documentation before I created them to decide how to integrate with what existed.  What I found were purpose-driven documentation that including some mention of SoPW along with other sections (and not even much of that) and brief descriptions at the top of each section that linked to no documentation.  So if you've got too much documentation on SoPW (the section, not the abbr), then it certainly wasn't anywhere that I found it easy to find.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If you want to get rid of redundant information (often an admirable goal but can often be taken too far when purpose-driven documentation is often more appropriate), then you probably &lt;em&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; need to create the &quot;one place&quot; that documentation is supposed to live, then you move/merge stuff to there rather than just delete stuff.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
But the point of my SoPW and PMD faqlets was not to document those sections.  It was to very briefly introduce them and provide links to the more extensive documentation related to them.  Of course, there wasn't much SoPW nor PMD documentation that I found to link to anyway.  So the faqlets served a useful purpose as real faqlets anyway, such as would be appropriate to link to from those sections.  We didn't have anything like them.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
But your plan to make every abbreviation link to a rather insultingly short expansion conflicts with much of my goal for those faqlets.  I've somewhat repurposed my faqlets and restored them to some (reduced) usefulness for now in a way that I hope doesn't conflict with your plans for &quot;powerful&quot; abbreviation documentation.  The abbr.s don't even link back to the abbr. list.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
You might want to update the sitedoclets for the sections to link to your &quot;too much&quot; documentation on the sections.  And, no, I don't think including in-line all of the documentation on a section at the top of the section would be a good plan, personally, in case you are considering that as the &quot;one place&quot;.  Though with the tiny amount of documentation I actually found, it might work out well so far.  I hope that we'll have more documentation such that just stuffing it at top of the section would be &quot;too much&quot; and I like having a documentation page about the section so you can link to that separately from linking to the section.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Perhaps you can factor out the &quot;basic section descriptions&quot; so they can be used in more than one purpose-driven place.  I'm not sure how well that would work with word-smithing documentation so that it flows nicely, however.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-12 15:01:58&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-12 15:01:58&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-12 15:01:58]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If the luser achieves that enlightenment in two clicks rather than one,
I don't see what the big deal is. Click 1: Expansion of the acronym. Click
2: Full documentation.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
When I saw your two new faqlets, I thought, &quot;Those look like acronyms.&quot;
So I began a project to restructure the [id://89535] as a faqlist of
faqstrings, since in my experience it is a very useful and powerful way
to structure such things.  The result is [id://655538]. (Note that it
is still a work in progress, pending the zombification of some zombie
users.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The problem, to the extent it is a problem, is that we already have the
sections documented in too many places, and the last thing we need is
yet another place. If we can eliminate some of those redundancies in
favor of pointers to one or two canonical locations, that would be 
desirable, imho.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-12 15:04:27&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-12 15:04:27&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-12 15:04:27]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[id://656697] created and linked from [id://6364] (when listing nodes, ie., when the write-up count is shown).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-12 14:18:42&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-12 14:18:42&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-12 14:18:42]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Bleh.  The replacement faqstrings rather suck.  The point certainly wasn't to make &quot;PMD&quot; just go to a minimally enlightneing &quot;it stands for 'PerlMonks Discussion', mmkay, bozo&quot; stub.  The point was a convenient, short, gentle introduction perfect for responding to &quot;how do I ask a question?&quot; or &quot;how do I report a bug?&quot; in the CB.  Hence the links to the forms that people often don't find at the bottom of those sections.  Hence the links to where to find more related information.  Hence the short, obvious titles, for easy use in the CB. If somebody doesn't already know what &quot;SoPW&quot; means, then they are very likely very new to the site and your trivial faqstring is going to be almost useless, bordering on insulting.  The question &quot;What is SoPW?&quot; almost always means that &quot;Seekers of Perl Wisdom&quot; is only a tiny part of the &quot;answer&quot;.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Yes, they go somewhat against the mold of most sitefaqlets.  I still think sitefaqlet is the best fit, however.  I don't particularly care how they are implemented, though.  If there is a problem with them being sitefaqlets, then describe the problem.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
 
&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-12-04 10:09:41&quot; name=&quot;2007-12-04 10:09:41&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-12-04 10:09:41]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Re: [tye]'s note of 2007-11-21:&lt;br/&gt;
I have replaced those two faqlets with faqstrings.
I renamed the faqlets by suffixing &quot; stub&quot;.
IMHO those faqlets should be completely wiped, but for now, they're &lt;i&gt;stet&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-11-29 15:00:39&quot; name=&quot;2007-11-29 15:00:39&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-11-29 15:00:39]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Well, I've decided to deprecate the &quot;About the *** Group&quot; sitefaqlets;
it seemed there was too much redundancy. 
Now all the group nodes (e.g. [SiteDocClan]) have sitedoclets associated. 
These will be displayed at the top of each group's home node. 
Also, by linking to each group in the FAQ (specifically, in [Orders of Monks]), 
the group's home node contents &amp;mdash; including the sitedoclet &amp;mdash;
will be displayed in the FAQ.
So the bottom line is that each group's sitedoclet is &lt;i&gt;the&lt;/i&gt;
place to describe the group.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-11-21 16:48:41&quot; name=&quot;2007-11-21 16:48:41&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-11-21 16:48:41]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I'm adding [PMD] and [SoPW] sitedoclets as shortcuts.  [shmem] said I could.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-11-19 22:00:51&quot; name=&quot;2007-11-19 22:00:51&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-11-19 22:00:51]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Kudos to [jdporter] for creating sitedoclets from existing usergroup descriptions (previously only editable by gods).  There are some missing (including SiteDocClan).  Dive in!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-11-16 10:21:19&quot; name=&quot;2007-11-16 10:21:19&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-11-16 10:21:19]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If anyone is of the opinion that [zer] should be added to SDC anyway, please [/msg]
me before 21:00 UTC (that's 4:00 pm EST) today. Otherwise, I'm going to act
unilaterally. (Well, almost: I've discussed with with [tye] and he seems to concur).
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Update:&lt;/b&gt; Here is the message I sent [zer]: &lt;i&gt;&quot;The SiteDocClan has decided to turn down your offer, with our sincere thanks. We believe that you can simply post your article as a Meditation or PMD. Note - we are not barring you from membership. You just need to make a stronger case. :-)&quot;&lt;/i&gt;  When he asked me to clarify &quot;stronger case&quot;, I replied: &lt;i&gt;&quot;Have you read the entire Site FAQ?  What deficiencies have you identified (other than the lack of an article on the history of PerlMonks, that is)?&quot;&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-11-15 15:45:12&quot; name=&quot;2007-11-15 15:45:12&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-11-15 15:45:12]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Monk [zer] has requested to join SDC so that he can add one article to the FAQ.
This would be an article on the history of PerlMonks.
I have no reservations about people wanting to join SDC in order to handle the
(current or future) workload, but his expression of interest didn't run that way.
My inclination is to gratefully reject his offer, since he merely wants to add
one article, and it seems to be answering a Question which isn't all that 
Frequently Asked. He could simply post his article as a Meditation or PMD, and
that will be as good.  Any other opinions?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-05-01 12:56:47&quot; name=&quot;2007-05-01 12:56:47&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-05-01 12:56:47]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Please see my entry of 2006-01-30 below. For our convenience, I have collected
all of those faqlets into a faqlist: [id://483086].&lt;br/&gt;
Not that this faqlist is necessarily going to go live in the FAQ.
I think it is still an open question how we want to organize the documentation
for the various sections. As it stands, we have two pages ([id://972] and [id://237057]) which discuss all the sections in one monolithic document (with
some redundancy, obviously). On the other hand, it makes some sense for each
section's sitedoclet to be an authoritative reference for the section.
(You should know that a section's sitedoclet contains the text which is shown
at the top of the section; e.g. [Meditations sitedoclet] is what is shown at
the top of [Meditations].)
So it's not clear to me that we need a stand-alone faqlet for each section as well.
I think it might be nice to go to that structure and migrate the information out
of the two faqlets mentioned previously. But I could certainly be convinced
otherwise. Another concern is to keep the sitedoclets from containing too much,
as you don't want too much crud at the top of the section pages. Thoughts?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href=&quot;#2007-04-29 07:51:23&quot; name=&quot;2007-04-29 07:51:23&quot;&gt;[localtime://2007-04-29 07:51:23]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
You may have noticed a change in the [PerlMonks FAQ].
For a long time I've been uncomfortable with the &quot;Getting Started&quot; section,
particularly how it seemed to contain some articles which aren't quite
appropriate for absolute beginners. At the same time, the &quot;About&quot; section
had some articles which &lt;i&gt;are&lt;/i&gt; beginner level, as well as some which
aren't really &quot;about&quot; PerlMonks.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;So I created a new section (rather, faqlist)
called &quot;Advanced PerlMonks Topics&quot;, and did a bunch of shuffling.
The goal is that &quot;Getting Started&quot; is a place we can point all newbies,
either those who have just discovered PerlMonks or those who have just
registered as users.  &quot;About&quot; should only talk about PerlMonks at a
meta- or administrative level; and &quot;Advanced Topics&quot; is for the remaining
misc. nodes which only someone who has gotten a feel for the place would appreciate
but which don't fit into any of the other more specialized lists.
Now feel free to fine-tune!  ([shmem], how's that [id://243875|CSS] documentation
coming along?)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Oh &amp;mdash; I also created the [faqstring] &quot;[id://518932]&quot;, which can be
used as a separator in [faqlist]s if need be. (I tried using a &lt;c&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;&lt;/c&gt;
element, but it didn't render.)-:  For example, if [id://482993] can be
cleanly separated into two parts, for not-yet-registered and newly-registered
users, we could put this separator between them.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2007-02-02 07:38:57]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Please join me in welcoming [shmem] to our ranks.
He is working on documenting the site's CSS features.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2007-01-28 15:13:59]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Belated thanks.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2007-01-19 18:44:03]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strike&gt;
I wouldn't object if you put such a list back into [id:/238736|the node in question].
&lt;/strike&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Update:&lt;/b&gt; I changed the name of the faqlist from &quot;PerlMonks Orders (aka usergroups)&quot; to &quot;Orders of Monks&quot;, and I turned on the &lt;c&gt;sections&lt;/c&gt; [id://587754|setting]. This means links such as 
&lt;c&gt;[Orders of Monks]&lt;/c&gt;, 
&lt;c&gt;[href://?node=Orders of Monks#pollsters]&lt;/c&gt;, and
&lt;c&gt;[href://?node_id=483087#pollsters]&lt;/c&gt;
 will work. (This required adding &lt;c&gt;&lt;a name&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/c&gt; tags in the doc part of each relevant faqlet, since the automatically generated ones do not match the old ones.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Update 2:&lt;/b&gt; A SuperSearch finds no occurrences of &lt;c&gt;[orders of monks#...]&lt;/c&gt;, and only a small handful of &lt;c&gt;[id://238736#...]&lt;/c&gt;: 
&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; [id://461484] (pmdev)&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; [id://390900] (sitedocclan)&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; [id://309266] (editors)&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; [id://359209] (copy of the faqlet)&lt;br/&gt;
Frankly, I'm not sure that's enough to be concerned about.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
SS also finds only &lt;b&gt;3&lt;/b&gt; nodes with links to &lt;c&gt;[orders of monks...]&lt;/c&gt;. And they're all owned by [ysth|you]! So, if the name of the node changed, you could fix them if you wanted to:
&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;[id://475191]&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;[id://383223]&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;[id://299049]&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Update 3:&lt;/b&gt; Because I turned on the &lt;c&gt;sections&lt;/c&gt; [id://587754|setting] in the [id://483087] faqlist, I removed the [id://238736] faqlet from it and put it at the bottom of the [id://482993] faqlist.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2007-01-19 01:26:13]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I kind of miss the Orders of Monks node with all of them listed together.  And having it go away breaks the link on [id://475191] and probably other places too.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2006-12-20 21:42:49]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Just noting a problem is helpful, even (or especially) if you don't have time to fix it yourself.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-12-20 12:37:20]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
This should not be a mystery. 
On each site doc node, there is a link
in the SiteDocClan Nodelet labeled &lt;u&gt;Node history&lt;/u&gt;.
(It just adds &lt;c&gt;displaytype=edithistory&lt;/c&gt; to the URL.)
Clansmen should also probably be familiar with [id://434853], which lists
edits site-wide.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I didn't remark on the edit here because I don't think it's necessary.
I also don't think it's necessary to request minor edits here in the wiki.
A /msg to SiteDocClan would have been more appropriate.
And anyway, if [holli] could edit this wiki, he could also have fixed
the link in question.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[davido], [localtime://2006-12-20 00:12:19]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The link seems fine now.  Either it's been (silently) fixed here on our site, or the problem you reported was transient in nature, presumably at the remote end.  At any rate, it's ok now.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;/dl&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;dl&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;[holli], [localtime://2006-12-19 05:16:09]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The link to Dr. Dobbs in [id://590467] seems to be broken.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;





&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-12-16 10:02:25]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
When editing [faqlist]s (such as the [PerlMonks FAQ]), you will now see in the upper right corner the link 
&lt;small&gt;&lt;b&gt;[id://587754|Help for this page]&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/small&gt;, which takes you to some helpful information about how to use the faqlist edit page.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-12-15 08:47:33]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I'd like to announce a major groundshift here at PerlMonks: via a deft yet subtle renaming, [PerlMonks FAQ] now goes to [483072], the new faqlist-based structure that [demerphq] kindly set up for us. 
The old top-level FAQ faqlet, [237040], has been retired for the purpose. 
It is now a PerlMonks FAQ meta-faqlet, i.e. it talks &lt;i&gt;about&lt;/i&gt; the PerlMonks FAQ. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Now that we have an easily maintained hierarchy, we should take advantage of it.
The FAQ could use some &quot;depth&quot;; currently it's quite flat. 
To start with, there are some FAQ sections which answer multiple questions all in one page. 
Not only does this impede indexing the FAQ down to the level of the question, but it means people (including us) have to use internal document anchors to link to questions. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strike&gt;
The most blatant example of this is [id://238736], as it's at the top level of the FAQ, but there are others.
Each should be broken into multiple separate faqlets (one per question) and subsequently bound together under a faqlist in place of the original single faqlet. 
Once that's done, the Monk&amp;nbsp;Help nodes need to be searched for occurrences of &lt;tt&gt;[238736]#&lt;/tt&gt; (and such like), and those replaced with links to the corresponding new faqlets.
&lt;/strike&gt; (Update: done.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Thanks, everyone, for your help!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-10-21 12:04:05]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Update: the [gods] (specifically, [Co-rion]) have inclined their ear to our supplication (below), and looked favorably upon it.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-03-16 16:22:27]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The following [sectioncontainer] nodes have been made obsolete by other
documents/lists more SDC accessible (see [id://240586]). Unfortunately, they remain visible. (They're linked in various old nodes; and Searches find them.) So, by arrangement with the [gods], one of them will effect the following edits for us.
&lt;dl&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17316]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Delete everything except the index table of links to faq sections; insert at the top: &quot;This page is obsolete. Please visit the [id://237040] instead, and update your bookmarks.&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17323]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Delete &lt;b&gt;everything&lt;/b&gt;, and insert &quot;This page is obsolete. Please visit the [id://236794] instead.&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17325]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Delete &lt;b&gt;everything&lt;/b&gt;, and insert &quot;This page is obsolete. Please see [id://5938] instead.&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17326]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Delete &lt;b&gt;everything&lt;/b&gt;, and insert &quot;This page is obsolete. Please see [id://17642] instead.&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17329]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Delete &lt;b&gt;everything&lt;/b&gt;, and insert &quot;This page is obsolete. Please see [id://43037] instead.&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17333]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Replace everything with &quot;Please see [id://72241]&quot;
(This is the link that's already in the page, inside the table.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17334]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Replace everything with &quot;Please see the &lt;b&gt;Posting on PerlMonks&lt;/b&gt; section of the [id://237040].&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17375]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Delete &lt;b&gt;everything&lt;/b&gt;, and insert &quot;This page is obsolete. Please see [id://509805] instead.&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17377]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Delete &lt;b&gt;everything&lt;/b&gt;, and insert &quot;This page is obsolete. Please see [id://17688] and [id://92975] instead.&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17390]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Replace everything with &quot;Please see [id://17404]&quot;
(This is the link that's already in the page, inside the table.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[id://17393]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Replace everything with &quot;Please see [id://17558].&quot;
(This is the link that's already in the page, inside the table.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;/dl&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-02-08 17:22:43]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I'd like (us) to start maintaining an index of &quot;deprecated site doc nodes&quot;,
which will serve mainly as an authoritative reminder of what nodes should &lt;b&gt;not&lt;/b&gt;
be referenced/linked when editing site doc content or pointing people at the site
docs.  It may be useful for other users as well, when they (or a newbie they're helping)
have any questions regarding what's &quot;current&quot; site wisdom/policy and what's not.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I've created a new table at the bottom of the [id://240586] for this purpose.
I don't think it should/will impact/be impacted by the cut-over to the new FAQ system;
the first two tables will simply be deleted from the [id://240586] when that happens.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-01-30 12:57:46]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I'd like to remind our SDC legions that there are quite a number of FAQlets still waiting for content.
A quick survey turned up the following (and there could be others).
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://243875]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://243876]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://243878]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://243880]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://243881]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://243882]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244009]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244010]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244011]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244012]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244013]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244014]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244015]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244016]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244017]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244019]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[id://244020]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
Most of these have corresponding superdocs, which could serve as a starting point for content. Go forth and conquer!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-01-15 15:38:29]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
I got it from something [demerphq] [id://522797|said]: &quot;Not sure how to redirect Friar tho. Maybe just lose the level part?&quot; Prior to that, it hadn't occurred to me to rename [id://17645|the node].
&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
Frankly I'm not convinced that it's a bad idea.  The level name &quot;Friar&quot; enjoys a special, perhaps unique, place in PerlMonks culture, by virtue of the fact that it's been the level at which certain interesting privileges are bestowed &amp;mdash; and that's held true even across the recent re-leveling.  To let that level be named anything other than &quot;Friar&quot; would cause lots of (semantic) breakage in many nodes.  There would be a massive loss of referential integrity, in effect.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
Maybe I missed the discussion... but I'm not sure I'm in favor of a general user-settable level name feature. I think we already have enough capability in that regard. (And I say that as a [id://17645|Paladin].)&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2006-01-15 14:59:01]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
FWIW, I didn't understand from that discussion that you were considering removing the &quot;Level 9: &quot; from the title, and I don't think it's a good idea.  As I said, if we implement user-selectable level titles, it will be retitled as just &quot;Level 9&quot;.  I don't think enabling [Friar] to link to it now is a good idea.
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2006-01-13 11:12:41]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
In accordance with the discussion in [id://522764], I have renamed [id://17645|Level&amp;nbsp;9:&amp;nbsp;Friar] to [id://17645|Friar].  I have also gone through and updated all the site docs to reflect this change, and to replace virtually all occurrences of &quot;Friar&quot; with &lt;c&gt;[id://17645]&lt;/c&gt;.
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-12-28 11:08:57]&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
I've edited the sitedoclet of [id://6345]. Please review.&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Update:&lt;/b&gt; Ack! Turns out that the [id://500477]
has not been linked to its superdoc yet. :-(&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Update #2&lt;/b&gt; (2006-01-13): Now it has. Thanks, whoever! 
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-12-27 01:48:09]&lt;br /&gt;
The [faqlist] and [faqstring] display and edit pages have been changed.  If any problems arise, please let [Arunbear] or me know.  If necessary, displaytype=oldedit and displaytype=olddisplay will get you the old code.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-11-26 06:22:55]&lt;br /&gt;
Ok, Ive added a facility for you to add aribitrary text to a [faqlist]. It works by creating a [faqstring] which is then put into the group. Try to keep these to a minimum. The way you can create one is by prepending '&lt;&lt; ' to the text in the group editor. Once a faqstring is created you can edit it and move it around the list as you choose (well, faqstrings are like CB messages, they can only be 255 chars long). Thus if you want to do an offsite link you could do something like: 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;code&gt;
&lt;&lt; [href://ultraedit.com|Ultraedit] -- good quality and cheap Win32 Perl editor. &lt;i&gt;offsite&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/code&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
And that line would show up when a faqlist is rendered. Also you can use the setting fields at the bottom to control recursion of the list. If there is no entry faqlist by default recurse when rendered. If there is an entry then only when its value is true will recursion occur. The edit page for [faqlists] could do with some simplification, and we could also use the setting stuff for controlling style and things like that, for instance it might be nice to say that the list should be laid out in a certain column arrangement, or whatever. Feel free to suggest ideas.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-10-30 10:30:32]&lt;br /&gt;
I've made a few changes to the Level X: Foo sitefaqlets in preparation for the releveling; this means they will be out
of sync for the moment, but this is the preferrable (IMO) way
out of the chicken and egg problem.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-09-16 08:45:51]&lt;br/&gt;
All the extant sitedoclets now have content. Some time, if you have a spare tuit, you might want to visit each one for a sanity check.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-09-09 07:23:49]&lt;br/&gt;
Noted, thanks. (Maybe I'll remember it this time. ;-/)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
(On a tangent &amp;mdash; we're still waiting for someone to patch a couple superdocs to use
their recently created sitedoclets...)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-09-09 05:28:07]&lt;br /&gt;
[jdporter], I don't think that's really needed anymore.  Use the Node history link in the SDC nodelet.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-09-08 15:24:18]&lt;br/&gt;
O.k., who created [id://490254]?  It's good form to put a comment at the top,
to initiate the change history.  See [id://240586] for style guide.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ww], [localtime://2005-09-16 10:53:26]&lt;br /&gt;
Think [jdporter]'s (below) is right re leaving first sentence alone... and am sure it's correct re my clumsy redundancy or near-redundancy.  However, think currently bulleted paras need some sort of formatting that plainly shows BOTH are subordinate to/expansions on the thought that immediately precedes them. (YMMV... all views welcome).  ww
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], [localtime://2005-09-08 15:12:54]&lt;br/&gt;
Hi, [ww]. Welcome to the Clan.  Thanks for your input.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I like the content of the two bullets.  I don't think they should be bullets.
If they need separation, they could be paragraphs.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I think you should avoid language that ends up meaning &quot;a responsibility to be
responsible&quot;, and I think that's kinda where you're going with the new intro.
(That is, &quot;duty&quot; and &quot;responsibility&quot; are nearly synonymous, whereas &quot;responsibly&quot;
and &quot;wisely&quot; aren't so much.)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
WRT the existing node content, it's certainly true that the first two paragraphs need to be coalesced somehow.
I like the existing first sentence; IMHO, that one should be left as is.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Just my 2 cents.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ww], [localtime://2005-09-08 13:46:01]&lt;br /&gt;
[pad://ww] contains possible update ( for clarity, brevity and readibility ) to first couple para of [How do I use the power of consideration responsibly?]. Seeking impressions, feedback, as I am new to clan.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-24 11:55:18]&lt;br /&gt;
I think [sectioncontainer]'s were an earlier attempt at something similar to [faqlist]s that were just never finished off. I decided to begin a-new because quite simply it was easier. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-24 1348 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
For archeological reasons &amp;mdash; plus, it might be interesting for the current renovations &amp;mdash; let's not forget [id://17316], which used a node type called sectioncontainer.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-11 17:07:20]&lt;br /&gt;
Ok, i see what you mean. Ill have to think about this further. Anyway, lets see where this goes. I have some more stuff in mind that should make [faqlist]s more useful so don't fret, we are in the early stages yet.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter]&lt;br/&gt;
At the very least, link to anchors within nodes (e.g. as used in [Orders of Monks]),
and link to external sites. (Frankly I could live without the latter... ;-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
It occurs to me that we (I) could have achieved this with plain ol' faqlet type nodes.
Maybe nodegroups aren't necessary for the main faq itself.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-11 16:52:28]&lt;br /&gt;
When you say constrictive can you give an explanation of what you mean? What type of info are you wanting to link to that you can't? Can you give us some idea of how many links are impacted and the like?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter]&lt;br/&gt;
O.k., *whew*, I feel better. I have already undertaken to faqlist-ify the PM faq: the (unfinished!) result is
[id://483072|here].  But I'm finding the nodegroup schema (if that's what it is) to be very
constrictive.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-08-11 16:15:05]&lt;br /&gt;
Ok, sorry, I think ive confused issues here a little inadverdantly. The four &quot;master [faqlist]'s&quot; ([id://482316], [id://481919], [id://481721], [id://482864]) are not intended for the normal PM user. They are intended only for SDC to make their life easier doing things like searching for an unused node, or getting a general overview of whats available. They arent supposed to be a substitute for a real PM Faq. Instead the real PM Faq faqlist would actually itself be a member of [id://481919]. Anyway, im just hopeful we can construct the main FAQ out of the pieces ive provided.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Long term the point is to do away with the master plan, but for now i think it would be cool if we could come up with a tool to create and populate the appropriate faqlist's from the info in the master plan. Until then however people are welcome to do the same by hand. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter]&lt;br/&gt;
My understanding is that the new faqlist-based structure eliminates the need to &quot;generate&quot; the FAQ.
The entire, hierarchical faq is directly editable by SDC.
At least, that's what I've been doing. ;-)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-08-11 15:51:20]&lt;br /&gt;
Nodegroups can only store nodes; I think we need to establish a rule for which anchored parts/subheadings get listed in the main faq, and then make the main faq generator parse
the faqs to find the anchors/subheads.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter]&lt;br/&gt;
If the intent is to allow faqlists to link to anchors &lt;i&gt;within&lt;/i&gt; faqlets, as [ysth] suggests below,
then the faqlist editor is going to have to accept more than just ID or title.  TIA,
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-11 1900 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Small issue with how faqlist nodes are created by that link in the Master Plan:
they're created as being owned by [Site Documentation Clan], whereas this should,
I believe, be [SiteDocClan].  &lt;i&gt;/me directs questions about this to [tye].&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter]&lt;br/&gt;
SuperSearch must work differently for you, being a [gods|god]/[pmdev|devil].  When I click on [xml passthrough setting], SuperSearch actually returns &quot;Not Found&quot;.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-08-11 14:48:20]&lt;br /&gt;
It found me a bunch of links to things like [xml passthrough setting]. Most of which were patches to a particular node giving a big clues as to which one to choose. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-11 1830 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
&quot;See [xml passthrough settings] for details.&quot; ??? &lt;br/&gt;
Do us a favor, follow that &quot;link&quot; 
and see if it finds what you thought it would find &amp;mdash; or indeed, anything relevant.&lt;br/&gt;
&amp;lt;opine&gt;The problem with linking by title, as a practice, is that it encourages imprecision
and inaccuracy.&amp;lt;/opine&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-11 1300 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Looks great. Just a couple suggestions for the faqlist edit view:&lt;ol&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Could you put like 50 items in the list?  3 is way too few.
&lt;li&gt; Related to that, you'd probably want to move the form buttons to a position above the list table, i.e. below the hr. (maybe make the HR bolder somehow, too.)
&lt;li&gt; I think it would be even clearer if the submit buttons' extra text said something like &quot;(for the above)&quot; and &quot;(for the below)&quot;, respectively. (Assuming the buttons for the lower form get moved as in point  2)
&lt;/ol&gt;
Thanks, man. This is awesome.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-08-10 18:18:43]&lt;br /&gt;
The difference should be that the type is only displayed to SDC as a convenience. Everybody else just sees the link alone. Please tell me if you have reason to beleive it isnt working properly. Also I've added some text to make what the submit buttons do more clear. Hope that does the trick.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Also, note that displaytype=xml (with various xmlstyle=... modifiers) will return an XML version of the node, including the group information. I'm hoping somebody feels clever and writes a SDC master plan converter to create the main faqlist so I've done my best to provide the tools to do it. (This is actually true of any [nodegroup] descendent. But some subtypes have special behaviour. See [xml passthrough settings] for details.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-10 1330 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I just wanna say, [demerphq], you rock!  I really like the new thing.  I think it will make managing the Site doco much easier.  I have no feedback on the style; I think italics works fine for lists.  I do think there may be small source of confusion on the list edit view, with the upper and lower forms; somehow make it clear which buttons submit which parts.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
What is the difference between &quot;normal&quot; view and &quot;sdc&quot; view?  They look the same to me.  I think the links at the top should say &quot;Normal user view&quot; (rather than &quot;Normal view&quot;, and &quot;SDC view&quot; rather than &quot;Display view&quot;. 
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-10 03:15:39]&lt;br /&gt;
Yeah sorry about that, groups store minimal info about the link, just the ID in fact so the [groupeditor] only accepts ids or titles alone. &quot;Site Documentation Clan Wiki&quot; or 174180 both should work (but with no quotes obviously).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
BTW, please feel free to bitch and kvetch about styling and presentation, or to be honest about any of it. All feedback is very much appreciated, but with regards to style, well I know my own weaknessess (to a certain extent) so please feel free to suggest changes to the presentation (and possibly places where CSS could be exploited to provide more options. For instance id like [faqlist]s to stand out when looking at a faqlist, but im not sure if italicizing them is the right way.  Cheers.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter]&lt;br/&gt;
That's what it is. I was giving the full perlmonks shortcut. ID only works. I suppose this should be documented somewhere.... ;-)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Arunbear], 2005-08-09 22:28:40 GMT-1&lt;br /&gt;
It seems that to add an item to a faqlist, you must enter the node id only, without square brackets and/or id:// (so this is a bit different from the way we edit our personal nodelets).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-09 17:14:43]&lt;br /&gt;
re: adding a sitedoclet to [id://482316].&lt;br/&gt;
The only way I can see this happening is that you used the top update button instead of the bottom. The nodegroup part of the edit faqlist mode is handled via a different form from the document part. Thus if you want to edit both you need to do it in two submits. Maybe this should be made more clear. [jdporter] can you try again and report back please? cheers.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-09 2000 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
When I tried to add a sitedoclet link in [id://482316], it failed. No error; it just didn't add
the new line.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-08-09 16:05:10]&lt;br /&gt;
I just noticed the stuff at the head of [id://240586] (which could use some bringing into
line with reality) calls for the FAQ to list all H2 sections and some H3s.  To make this
work with faqlists instead of the master plan, there needs to be something to say which
sections get listed; perhaps list all &amp;lt;a name=&quot;... instead?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-08-09 15:04:55]&lt;br /&gt;
You now also have [alphafaqlet]'s and [faqlist]s to play with. Please let me know what you think. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-08 03:13:52]&lt;br /&gt;
Regarding the comment based histories, I would say that the practice can be abandonded, and i guess the comments removed.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], [localtime://2005-08-07 22:29:13]&lt;br /&gt;
Point of order question then.  Does the new edit history feature eliminate the need to put &amp;lt;!-- Comments annotating edits --&amp;gt; at the top of SDC documents we alter?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Arunbear], 2005-08-07 23:20:52 GMT-1
&lt;p&gt;
SDC nodes (sitefaqlets, sitedoclets and the new faqlists) now have edit histories and are locked during editing. sitefaqlets and sitedoclets are now edited via the 'Edit' link in the upper right hand part of the screen (similar to the way wiki's are edited). To view the edit history of a node use the new 'Node history' link in the SDC nodelet.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[de-merphq], [localtime://2005-08-07 07:13:41]&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
N.B. Those have never worked for me.  I've had to use [pmdev://edit user group] to edit other nodegroups.
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
That should not be necessary at all. Sometime back I rewrote the nodegroup editing and display code to work properly. If you havent played with it for some time I invite you to look at [id://1822] using your [gods] account. It should all work properly. Also its possible some of the [nodegroup] subclasses still have the broken code used in overriden display/edit pages. Thats probably something that needs to be fixed. ALso, its very likely that the fixed code &lt;i&gt;isn't&lt;/i&gt; on the dev server, which is one of the reasons why I rased the subject of resynching recently in the [pmdev wiki]. Anyway, if you look into it again and end up using the old crappy nodegroup editing stuff please let me know how you arrived there and ill look into it again.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Regading the sitedoclets, yes i was thinking that the alphafaqlet's should be reblessable into either a sitedoclet or into a sitefaqlet.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-08-07 01:16:50]&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
normal nodegroup (not usergroup!) editing tools.
&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
N.B. Those have never worked for me.  I've had to use [pmdev://edit user group] to edit other nodegroups.
&lt;p&gt;
What about sitedoclets?  Do those need an alpha nodetype too?  Or allow alphafaqlets to convert into either sitefaqlet or sitedoclet?
&lt;p&gt;
There doesn't need to be an edit page; editing is done on the display page.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-06 07:45:46]&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Ive put together a proposal for extending the sitedocumentation. The
basic idea revolves around using a new faq related type called a faqlist
which would be used for organizing documents into a DB level heirarchy.
The general nodetypes that would be involved would be:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;dl&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;faqlist&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;A document and nodegroup. The document part describes the purpose/content of the list.&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;sitefaqlet&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;A published SiteDocClan maintained document.&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;sitedoclet&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;A published SiteDocClan maintained document used by superdocs&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;superdoc&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;Used for documentation that needs to be &quot;smart&quot;&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;alphafaqlet&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;A faqlet in preparation&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dl&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
A faqlist is presented as a two part view, the top a description, the bottom
a nested tree of links. The rules for how this tree are built are as follows:
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
The content of the faqlist is built as a nested &amp;lt;ul&amp;gt;, with faqlist
nodes being treated as sub lists and recursed into, all other nodetypes
are shown by name, with the exception of alphafaqlet's which are only
displayed to members of SDC.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Faqlists should be editable by SDC, with the nodegroup list being editable
using normal nodegroup (not usergroup!) editing tools.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Likewise faqlists should be creatable by SDC.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Overall this would be fairly simple to do, faqlist becomes a subclass of
nodegroup and document, and requires the most work, that of creating a
custom display and edit interface. alphafaqlet becomes a simple subclass
of sitefaqlet with an overloaded display/edit interface to allow it
to be reblessed into a sitefaqlet. I think thats it.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Does this sound good to folks?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-05 1640 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I guess the issue is redundancy and ownership.  Having the FAQ link to tutorials is fine,
until such time as SDC needs to edit one.  Sure, we can make a faqlet and copy the content
to solve that problem, but that's where redundancy comes in.  Could we get an 
[janitors|editor] to add a note in the tutorial pointing to the &quot;official&quot; version of the
same content/concept in that case?  And maybe unlink it from [Tutorials]?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I guess I'm also concerned about the management of [Tutorials].  The process for getting a
new tutorial linked in [Tutorials] is incredibly opaque.  Even with (temporary) [janitors] 
powers, it's entirely unclear to me how [Tutorials] gets updated. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
(PS - I've removed that tutorial of mine from the Master Plan.  I don't think it's 
[id://237040] quality.)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-08-05 09:14:48]&lt;br /&gt;
I thought there were several non-faqlets linked there, though perhaps I'm just misremembering.
I don't see a problem with this, and think they should be put where they fit thematically,
not at the bottom.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I also don't have a problem with changing it to be a faqlet and continuing to link to it in [Tutorials] also, if that's what you want.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-03 2000 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
On an unrelated note &amp;mdash; I believe the 3rd FAQ, [id://243873], should be edited to remove
the implication that people should get accounts on PerlMonks before they seek assistance here.
It may be one of the main reasons we get so many accounts that are used only once, or nonce.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-08-03 2000 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
The suggestions below are good. In the mean time, I've regenerated the FAQ so as to include Alpha and
Beta faqs as well, and for those, the status is appended to the entry in the list. (Go look, it'll be
obvious.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
One thing that popped out at me was the 4th faq, [id://213052], which is Alpha, was written by me,
and is not a sitefaqlet but rather a perltutorial.  This node &lt;i&gt;is&lt;/i&gt; linked in [Tutorials], in
the &quot;Welcome to the Monastery&quot; section.  This strikes me as rather messy.  At first, I thought the
thing to do would be to eliminate any links to tutorials (such as this one) masquerading as site faqs,
and just put one link that says something like &quot;Also see 
&lt;a href=&quot;/index.pl?node=Tutorials#monkstart&quot;&gt;user-contributed Monastery tutorials&lt;/a&gt;&quot;.
But the fact that that section of [Tutorials] is on one page along with a bunch of other, unrelated
stuff, I think would still be not very user friendly. So my current thinking is that the PerlMonks FAQ
should have a section, perhaps at the bottom, for linking directly to all (useful) nodes of type
perltutorial, under a heading like &quot;User-contributed FAQs&quot;.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Any thoughts?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq], [localtime://2005-08-01 04:34:43]&lt;br /&gt;
Id like to see the master plan and indexing stuff replaced with something that uses [nodegroup]s (or derivatives of them) for handling sections and memberships.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-07-22 14:53:20]&lt;br /&gt;
Per input from others, the separate nodetype would be for alpha faqlets; there still may need to be beta faqlets that would be searchable; these should be labeled as such in the h1 header and/or in the title.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-07-22 12:31:59]&lt;br /&gt;
In a sense, any sitefaqlet is official, in that a Super Search of Monk Help will find them, and the reader gets no indication that it isn't &quot;official&quot;.  This is a problem for alpha/beta faqlets too.  I'm thinking perhaps we should have a separate nodetype &quot;proposed_faqlet&quot; (which would be what gets created by the &quot;create&quot; links) for alpha/beta faqlets, that shows an SDC-only &quot;upgrade me&quot; link and a warning that the doc is not yet offical.  (Update: clarification: the separate nodetype would keep it from being super-searchable.)
&lt;p&gt;
Given such a node type, we would go through the existing alpha/beta nodes and make them Stable unless there was very good reason not to, then convert the remaining ones to proposed_faqlets.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-07-21 2148 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I've created a faqlet named [id://475618]; 

it was taken wholesale from a draft [neshura] had left in the [id://73988|phantasmawiki].
(It still needs updating, however.)&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
btw - I am not suggesting that this become an official faqlet. I just wanted to get that material off the wiki.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido], [localtime://2005-07-17 22:54:20]&lt;br /&gt;
While we're at it, I've got an unused site-doclet (the type that can be used for faq/code hybrid pages by pmdev/sdc folks).  It was created while I was testing opcodes to create them.  You can find it here if you need it: [id://465458].  Let me know if anyone uses it so I can take it off my personal nodelet.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-07-18 0130 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
So, like a total doofus, I went and clicked the link that creates a new faqlet.
So if you need a new faqlet, you might consider taking [id://475618|this one] 
instead of making a new one.
Thanks.&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;Update:&lt;/b&gt; The faqlet in question has been used.&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-07-13 1700 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
That's true, [ysth]. However, the previous version of the live faq was not done 
correctly, in that it included &lt;i&gt;all&lt;/i&gt; entries from the master plan, including
'proposed' and 'alpha' entries. In effect, the status was ignored.
The current live faq doesn't do it quite right, either: it simply ignores all
entries other than 'stable' ones.  (The proper thing to do, supposedly, is list
'beta' entries non-linkified.) 
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth], [localtime://2005-07-13 05:11:22]&lt;br /&gt;
Just a heads up: last I checked, which things were listed in the live FAQ didn't
correspond to the alpha/beta state as listed in the Master Plan.  Did you check what
actually changed when you updated it?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-07-12 2118 UTC]&lt;br/&gt;
I wanted to be able to update the [id://237040], so I wrote a new converter program.
It seems to me that the [SiteDocClan] needs a standard one that can be used by any
of us at any time. So I posted my program in a faqlet. ([id://474389])
That way it  is owned by the SDC community.  
It doesn't necessarily have to be linked in the PerlmonksFAQ itself(though it could be), but it is linked in the preamble of the [id://240586].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
btw - I updated the Perlmonks FAQ.  Please review it for problems.  I've saved the
previous version locally, so if it's deemed necessary, I can restore the FAQ to its
previous state.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido], [localtime://2005-07-12 12:56:48]&lt;br /&gt;
I added it as 'beta' so that its text would remain unavailable, and in fact since the PerlMonks FAQ auto-generator doesn't work right now, the effect of adding it to the plan is not visible to non-Cabal.  I also thought that the question was whether or not there should be mention of Janitorial removal of links to copyrighted material, not whether or not there should be a faqlet discouraging the posting of such.  But given that [jdporter] isn't as convinced (and presumably there may be others who feel the same way, as well) I'll change its status to 'alpha'.  I really didn't mean to step on anyones toes.  If you view the faqlet at this point you'll see that we've already gotten rid of the text that mentions janitorial edits.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
My primary motivation in creating the faqlet in the first place was to give [Janitors] something to point to when /msging offenders.  I don't see why such a faqlet shouldn't eventually appear on the PM FAQ page if it's worded carefully, but if people feel it shouldn't, I'm ok with that I guess. I'll probably post something in the Editor's wiki mentioning its existance though, so other Janitors can link to it.  I do hope that by going through sitedocclan its text can be improved via collaborative effort.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-01-12&lt;br/&gt;
I notice that [davido] went ahead and added the [id://473845|faqlet] to the [id://240586|Plan], despite it being an open question whether it's a good thing to do.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-07-10&lt;br/&gt;
A couple of relevant links:
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt; [id://62925]
&lt;li&gt; [id://85627]
&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2005-07-11&lt;br /&gt;
But &quot;The Janitors will remove such links whenever they find them; and vigilant monks (of level 6 and above) should use the consideration system to bring such violations to the janitors' attention&quot; is a recipe for making the site legally libel for damages if there any links to copyright infringements that don't happen to get removed.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido], [localtime://2005-07-11 02:45:33]&lt;br /&gt;
I've created [id://473845].  My intention is to link to it in janitorial attribution text whenever nodes are edited to remove infringing links to the Perl CD Bookshelf.  Example:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;small&gt;Link to copyrighted material removed by [davido].  Please see [id://473845].&lt;/small&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[sitedocclan] members are encouraged to edit and rework this text as they see fit.  Also, I'm not sure if we can just add things like this to [PerlMonks FAQ] nowadays, or if there is some automated process in place.  But if it gets added, it should be in the Linking section of the FAQ.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], [localtime://2005-06-18 00:57:20]&lt;br /&gt;
Here's what is in the works:  When I get a chance I'll be adding code to the [SiteDocClan] nodelet that provides a &quot;Create SiteDoclet&quot; link only if the user is both [SiteDocClan] and [pmdev].  I probably won't have time until next week (I hoped to get to it this week but ran out of time again).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat], [localtime://2005-06-17 18:47:00]&lt;br /&gt;
How about limiting the creation of SiteDoclets to those individuals who are a member of both [SiteDocClan] and [pmdev]?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido], [localtime://2005-06-11 02:06:10]&lt;br /&gt;
[tye] has made it possible for [SiteDocClan] to create SiteDoclets.  SiteDoclets exist to allow for collaboration between [pmdev] and [SiteDocClan] such that a given FAQ-like node may contain a code segment, and a text segment.  The text segment is the sitedoclet, and is used in adding documentation to a page that also has some behind-the-scenes code.  SiteDoclets have been around for a few months, but until now only [gods] could create them, and then hand them to [pmdev] and [SiteDocClan] to populate with useful goodies.  Examples of this kind of doclet include [id://29281], and [id://5938].&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The ability to create these things is really only useful to monks who belong to both [SiteDocClan] &lt;em&gt;and&lt;/em&gt; [PMDev].  It takes [PMDev] to create the code to make a sitedoclet useful, and it takes [SiteDocClan] to put text in it.  I want to stress that for most site documentation needs nothing has changed; we use SiteFaqlets for just about everything, and should continue to do so.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;However, those times where a sitedoclet is needed, there is now a link in the [id://240586] that upon being clicked will create a new sitedoclet.  This works a lot like the link that creates a new Faqlet.  Please only click this link if you intend to create a sitedoclet.  And of course, if you do intend to create a sitedoclet, don't hesitate to use the link. ;)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-05-23 1200 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Added a link to [tye]'s excellent &quot;[id://459456]&quot; in [id://326922].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[holli] 2005-05-21&lt;br /&gt;
After consulting [castaway] I've updated the text regarding the logging of changes in [id://324820] to reflect the real situation (changelogs now viewable).

&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth] 2005-05-15&lt;br /&gt;
I've shortened some parts of [showhints sitedoclet] (which shows at the bottom of preview page among other places) and added some entities.  [tye] notes that it really should have something about &lt;code&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;/code&gt; tags, and I think a word or two about how spaces and newlines (don't) work in html would be good.  Can anyone come up with one or at most two lines dealing with these things?
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2005-05-10&lt;br /&gt;
Ive created [id://455696] to open this page up to the [SiteDocClan]. Ive also added the spoiler tag to the list, allthough its documentation could probably be improved.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2005-04-10&lt;br /&gt;
You can now put forms into faqlets and the [PerlMonks FAQ] uses this fact to add a form for searching all of the site documentation.  Whoever maintains the program that generates the table, please cut'n'paste this form so that future updates will include it.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I'm not sure why the long forms of &quot;pt_BR&quot; and &quot;fr_FR&quot; are being used since we have yet to run into a case where the nationality matters and I doubt we will.  The Brazilian reported that the written forms are very compatible.  I doubt the French Canadians are going to have a hard time reading the fr_FR pages.  So why not just note the language without picking a country to the exclusion of any other countries?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth] 2005-03-28&lt;br /&gt;
I thought alpha nodes didn't appear on [PerlMonks FAQ], but the unfinished [id://92977] is there, and probably shouldn't be.  Can someone enlighten me?  [id://326922] is also alpha, but should be listed in the faq (and is).

&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-02-07  2000 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Added reference to [id://428594] in [id://341118].  Feedback welcome.
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2005-01-05 1430 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
It's not a particularly unreasonable request; I just thought there was documentation for it already.
But I can't find any such.  So I'm currently hammering [szabgab]'s text into shape for a faqlet.
(Created: [id://419625])
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2005-01-04 2110 CST&lt;br /&gt;
In response to [szabgab]'s /msg:  We have [id://236794], [id://17989] and [id://17534] which all talk about sending /msg's but nothing that documents [id://48824].  However, is [id://48824] so difficult to use that documentation is required?&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2005-01-03 (way past my bedtime)&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks [jdporter].&lt;/p&gt;
I just noticed the site doclet nodes at the bottom of [id://240586] and started looking at them.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;/dl&gt;

Continued from [id://420478]




































































































&lt;!-- x --&gt;




























































</doctext>
  <type_nodetype>68046</type_nodetype>
  <node_id>725769</node_id>
  <author_user>474174</author_user>
  <title>SDC wiki through 2008-06-30</title>
  <createtime>2008-11-25 00:28:35</createtime>
  <nodeupdated>2008-11-25 00:28:35</nodeupdated>
</node>
