<node>
  <doctext>Continued in [id://174180]
&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-12-19 2055 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Done.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-12-09&lt;br /&gt;
That works for me.  Does anyone have any objections?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-12-08  1030 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Well, since the original message/source is gone/offline, why not just change the wording of [id://243870] to say something like, &quot;According to [vroom], its initiator, PerlMonks is: &quot;&lt;br/&gt;
IOW, let [id://243870|this node] be the authoritative origin of the quote. 
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-12-05&lt;br /&gt;
I have updated the first link in [id://243870] to point to the only copy that I could find that is still working.  Perhaps we could host a copy so that we don't lose it again (after getting permission from the appropriate entities of course).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[monsieur_champs] 2004-12-04  1357 BRST&lt;br /&gt;
&amp;#91;&lt;b&gt;Informative&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#93;: I've complemented the &quot;[id://89535]&quot; with a good definition found at [id://412269]. Also updated the [id://283280|pt_BR] translation, so it becomes the version 1.3.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth] 2004-11-19&lt;br /&gt;I'd maybe remove the reasons for consideration altogether; no point in having yet another list of them.  I'd keep the edit+keep formula; it's clearer than anything else I can think of.  The
&quot;automatically&quot; isn't quite true, since only a reap vote can actually trigger
the reaping.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-11-19&lt;br /&gt;
I just had a couple comments that I wanted to hash out here before tinkering with [id://409197].  The first is the text, &quot;What nodes are likely to be reaped?&quot;  I would favor, &quot;What nodes may warrant consideration for deletion?&quot; (or something along those lines).  I am trying to convey the feeling that just because a node falls under one of the categories listed below doesn't mean it's a shoe-in for being reaped, nor is it a given that such a node should even be &lt;em&gt;considered&lt;/em&gt;.  We need to err on the side of caution and inaction, when it comes to reaping, and for that reason should be sure that the documentation doesn't over-sell this capability.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Next, &quot;A node that has been considered for reaping will &lt;u&gt;automatically&lt;/u&gt; be reaped &lt;u&gt;as soon as all of the following criteria have been met&lt;/u&gt;:&quot; -- underlined portions are proposed additional text.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Also, the bullet point, &quot;2 * (keep votes) + (edit votes) &lt; 4&quot; might be more clearly written as: &quot;There are no more than one keep vote, and two edit votes, or no more than three edit votes.&quot;  ...not sure if that's clearer or not.  &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Next, &quot;A node that doesn't meet above criteria may still be reaped through [godly] intervention &lt;u&gt;or by sufficient special [Janitor]-delete requests.&lt;/u&gt;&quot;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Comments?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-11-17&lt;br /&gt;
It is well written, tutorial in nature, and could prove to be very helpful to people who haven't yet found their way around the POD.  Why don't we put it to consideration and see if the vote comes down how we think it will (to tutorialize it).  I would vote for moving it to tutorials.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-11-17 1700 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I propose that a tutorial or something be made from [id://366986]'s [id://408254].  Thoughts?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-10-11 1450 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I've removed the &quot;PM Tour&quot; section.  It was (or rather, would have been, if anybody had actually written
anything for it) redundant with [id://972] and [id://237057].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-10-08&lt;br /&gt;
Ive put the documentation for the RAT in [id://397727] so you guys can take care of it. I would be very happy to learn that someone had edited and cleaned it up a bit, im not very good at that kind of stuff. The only reason the whole thing isnt a normal faqlet is that there is stuff involved which the filters will remove if its in a normal sitefaqlet. So i had to wrap the whole thing in a superdoc to display [id://396325|properly]. Anyway, the masterpaln is updated too. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-10-06 18:02 Australia/Melbourne&lt;br /&gt;
I've updated [PerlMonks FAQ] from the Masterplan. The tool is working again. I want to send it to people so I'm not the only one who can update it. If you want it, send an email to &lt;a href=&quot;mailto://rickm@isite.net.au&quot;&gt;me&lt;/a&gt; and I'll mail you a copy.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-10-06 0222 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I concur.  One of our goals should be to clean up duplication, where reasonable. 
In particular, I have my eye on [id://972] and [id://237057]. Not only should the
redundancy between them be cleaned up, but the place-holder section in the [id://237040]
called &quot;PM Tour&quot; should be completely eliminated.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth] 2004-10-05 1112 UTC&lt;br /&gt;
They are all documented (except for some gods-only ones) and listed in the TOC in [id://239623]; I'm just doubting that it makes sense to make the nodelet section of the main FAQ page as long as it would take to duplicate the whole nodelet TOC.  Hmm, perhaps the whole section in [Perlmonks FAQ] should just
be a single link to [id://239623].
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-10-05 1000 UTC &lt;br/&gt;
I, for one, don't like the idea that certain aspects of the monastery's workings should be intentionally undocumented.  Instead, why not just have a subsection in the doc, saying &quot;If you're in [SiteDocClan]...&quot; or &quot;If you're a member of the [Cabal]...&quot;, etc.?
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[ysth] 2004-10-04 1600 PDT&lt;br /&gt;
In the sdc inbox, [Zed_Lopez] notes that when I updated [id://239623], I neglected to change the nodelets listed on [Perlmonks FAQ].  Though I updated the former to include even cabal nodelets, I'm inclined to only list the non-group specific ones on the main FAQ page.  Sound OK?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-10-04 1600 UDT&lt;br/&gt;
I've updated [id://92975] with info from [theorbtwo] in [id://74283] on what node types can be re-parented using [id://60309].  I'm not sure what, if any, hard connection exists between that set, and the set of node types that can be &lt;i&gt;requested&lt;/i&gt; for move via the Moderation nodelet, so I left the existing info in tact.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-08-11 1723PDT &lt;br/&gt;
I agree, and actually I think it's a kind of hokey entry anyway.  I mean nowadays it's safe to assume that just about anything on the 'net is being logged by someone.  It might be more appropriate to retitle the entry something along the lines of &quot;How do I catch up on what's been going on in the CB?&quot;, discussing cblast35, etc.  Of course this is already covered in the CB FAQ too, so it's probably also unnecessary.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-08-11 2000 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I'd like to propose that the (proposed) entry for &quot;Is the Chatterbox logged?&quot; be removed.
It's been there since before the Master Plan existed, and besides, it's already addressed
in the [id://236794].  Opinions?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-08-11 1945 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I have edited the [id://236794] a little; see the log at the top of that file if interested.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-07-08 1800 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I have edited [id://17644] and the &lt;i&gt;Show Unmoderated Content&lt;/i&gt; section of  [id://17642] to reflect the fact that Friars see unmod content anyway; per /msg from [castaway].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-07-07&lt;br /&gt;
Currently its just the same name as the superdoc but with a '&lt;code&gt; sitedoclet&lt;/code&gt;' suffix to the node title.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-07-06&lt;br/&gt;
Fair enough.  I didn't quite grok the relationship between the superdoc and the sitedoclet. (Still not sure I do, actually.)  But I can see, at least, that &quot;sitedoclet&quot; does not get shown in the superdoc.  Is there a standard/convenient way to get to the sitedoclet from the superdoc?
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-07-01&lt;br /&gt;
Im not really sure why you want to edit [id://370028], but I assume that there is a good reason. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
In regard to your first question, I suppose it should. Although the text in that node has a history as old as the hills practically and most of it is already stored in the patch history of the node. (For instance the text there was written by me and the corrected by [tye] based on ideas by [tye] and [theorbtwo].) I would say however that a simple note stating the text was refactored out of [id://5938] by me would be sufficient. I think this is more an issue for SDC than it is for me, so its really your call. And to be honest my long term personal preference is to introduce edit histories to the sitefaqlets and sitedoclets so that such comments are unneeded.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
In regard to the second question my personal feeling is no it shouldn't be renamed. The first reason is that [id://5938] isn't &lt;i&gt;replaced&lt;/i&gt; by [id://370028] it is &lt;i&gt;enhanced&lt;/i&gt; by it. Any changes you make to the sitedoclet will be instantly be viewable by all and sundry when they view [id://5938]. Additionally its this reason that I don't think the 'sitedoclet' bit should be removed from the name. We dont really want non SDC/Pmdevers to look at the sitedoclet. Its only there to allow SDC to be able to change the text displayed by the superdoc. Thus were it have the same name it would break linking by name as users would get a &quot;multiple nodes were drunk&quot; notification when using the 'search' box. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
BTW, changed the close P/open P tag to a br following your name. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-07-01 1524 UTC&lt;br /&gt;
[demerphq], before I edit [id://370028], two questions:&lt;ol&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Shouldn't the source text include a history comments section at the top, with one entry for the creation event?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Should the title of the node really include the word &quot;Sitedoclet&quot;?  I think not.  If the point is to replace the crufty superdoc [id://5938], it should have that title.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
Ta!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-06-30&lt;br /&gt;
I've added [id://370907] and updated [id://43037] to reflect the addition of doc:// linking.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-06-26&lt;br /&gt;
Hi SDC'ers. Please make sure you read the Cabal Wiki about the rollout of [sitedoclet]s. Cheers.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[vroom] 2004-06-24&lt;br /&gt;
[dfaure] in regard to your previous query I can no longer find an online version of that interview.  The quote originated from a description I wrote to be included in conference materials for a Linux World conference that PerlMonks had a booth at.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure] 2004-06-21&lt;br/&gt;
Node '[id://367914]' released as stable and linked to [id://237040]. Next ones are '[id://368383]' and '[id://368399]'...&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure] 2004-06-20&lt;br/&gt;
Done french translation of '[id://243870]' =&gt; '[id://367914]'. Some french reader required to double-check it before being linked to the Master FAQ. Anybody wants?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[dfaure] 2004-06-18&lt;br/&gt;
Hi, I'm new here and will handle a french translation of [id://237040]. Any comments is welcome in order to improve it.&lt;br/&gt;
I've found the &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.pair.com/pair/current/insider/1201/damianconway.html&quot;&gt;&quot;quoted&quot;&lt;/a&gt; link from [id://243870] first sentence seems to point nowhere, so anyone who knows where it should link...
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-06-17&lt;br /&gt;
Thanks [demerphq].  I've added [id://972] to the [id://240586] under the &quot;Getting Started&quot; category.  If this wasn't the proper action, anyone who knows of a more appropriate way of getting it onto the radar is welcome to make the change.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-06-17&lt;br/&gt;
I've applied a patch that [davido] put together cleaning up [id://972] and I've also converted the doc to SDC ownership. Thanks [davido].
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat], 2004-06-11 (Some time later than before but still not my birthday)&lt;br /&gt;
I have fixed [id://43037] and [id://21211].&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat], 2004-06-11&lt;br /&gt;
Wow!  We figured out how to time travel!&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2005-06-11 (my birthday, which is really in June)&lt;br/&gt;
[id://21211] et al end with a &lt;code&gt;&lt;/br&gt;&lt;/code&gt;, which is clearly meaningless (it being the end of a line-break, which never began.  They meant &lt;code&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/code&gt;, a line-break with nothing inside of it.  [id://43037] has a stray &lt;code&gt;&lt;/LI&gt;&lt;/code&gt;.  Like I said, not a major problem, just something to watch out for.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2005-06-10&lt;br /&gt;
( No, not 1 month after [theorbtwo]'s entries :)  Regarding HTML errors:  There is a bug in the HTML nesting enforcement code that complains about nesting of P tags that it won't continue to complain about after it gets fixed.  Level 3 is documented (in the announcement) as &quot;If you use this, then don't complain about any errors you see&quot;, and I meant it.  Can you give an example or two cause I hit 6 faqlets and didn't see a single problem?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo] 2004-05-10 (yes, 10 minutes after prior entry)&lt;br /&gt;
Oh, and request for discussion: What's the policy (and more importantly, what should the policy be) for making sure the docs stay up-to-date as things change?  Should somebody do a thourough review of the relevant docs after each change?  Should somebody just do a quick update to point out that the doc may have been obsoleted by [the announcement], and leave it until the next review?  As far as I can tell, there's currently no purticular effort to do this, and it's important -- and not only for people who are new to the site.  If, reading the docs, you aren't sure how something works, you need to figure it out, by reading the code (if you're a [pmdev]-SDC hybrid), or by asking in the [cabalist's wiki], or even just replying to the announcement.  Also, documenting, esp by a third party, is a good way to think of additional changes that should be made, and if you find such changes, you should post about them to the [cabalist's wiki].  (This is prompted partily by reading the announcements, and partly by a /msg from [calin] recently asking me why the changes from [new bracket-link stuff] isn't in [id://43037].)  Now, back to my irregularly scheduled vacation.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo] 2004-05-10 (my 24th birthday!  Well, in 45 minutes...)&lt;br /&gt;
Guys, could you go to [user settings], and turn HTML nesting enforcement on, and turn the warning level up as high as you can stand?  If you do that, and look at site docs, you'll notice that some docs contain bad HTML... and if you notice that, other people with HTML nesting enforcement on, and their warning level high, see it too, and that looks unprofessional.  Not a huge deal, but one worth checking on when you're bored, or updating a doc anyway.  Thanks.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-05-18&lt;br/&gt;
I notice we now have faqlets on the SDC master plan wiki for ALL of the level now. If one of the [gods] would just take a minute to update the relevent settings data with the appropriate links then [voting/experience system] would also link through to them.
Also im of the opinion that we should uncomment the &quot;powers&quot; listed for level 10. :-) I hacked a few parenthetical additions to them, but left them commented out.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-05-18 1427 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I'll go ahead and create a FAQlet for it.  Then while it's in alpha people can judge it, and possibly move it forward.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-05-18&lt;br/&gt;
FWIW: My vote is that [id://213052] be converted into a PM faqlet. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-05-17 1931 CDT&lt;br /&gt;
I wrote that all up while I read through the node.  Most of the comments are geared towards a formal [SiteDocClan] node because it was not until the very end that I noticed that it belonged to you, [jdporter].  I was not about to go back and redo the entire thing.  Instead, I made minor changes to my comments here and there.  If you want to make it a FAQlet, there is a link towards the top of the [id://240586].&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-05-17 1345 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
I've decided to respond to [Mr. Muskrat]'s comments in-line (wiki &quot;thread mode&quot;), below.  Hope you don't mind.  If it bothers you greatly, well, this is a wiki. Hack away!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-05-14&lt;br /&gt;
I performed a minor edit of [id://243874] and changed the version number to 1.0.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-05-14&lt;br /&gt;
I thought that I would do some peer review of some of our documentation.  I was looking through the items in the [id://240586] and stumbled across [id://213052].  I really like it.
    &lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
    Thankyaveramuch.
    &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
In fact, I did not even notice that it was not owned by [SiteDocClan] until I made it to the bottom of the node.  I have much more to share than a simple /msg could handle.  I also did not want to spoil the node by posting criticism, even if it is constructive.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
    Thanks, I do appreciate that.
    &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter], before I continue I want you to know that I appreciate it greatly.  I also know that you spent a long time working on it.  
    &lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
    Actually, I didn't spend a whole of time on it.  More importantly, I wrote it when I was a PM newbie myself, essentially as a response to my own early difficulties.  And I didn't quite understand at that time how the site docs are dynamically maintained by a group of dedicated individuals.  I thought, &quot;Well, this will never make it into the official FAQ, but perhaps word of it will spread.&quot;
    &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
Since it has a link in the [id://240586], I feel that some suggestions should be given but it is your document and not that of [SiteDocClan] so feel free to ignore me.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
    All criticisms are most welcome. It's better than being ignored!  And perhaps my dream will come true, and the post will become a real FAQlet.&lt;br/&gt; ([jdporter] tries to summon the Blue Fairy...)
    &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;I see &quot;all the _____ you&quot; in several places and I think that the document will flow better if you just add in a few helper words.  Make the phrases &quot;all of the ____ that you&quot;.  As it is now, those sentences sound a bit choppy to me.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;In the section &quot;Getting Help and Advice&quot;, the third &quot;paragraph&quot; of the answer to the first question says &quot;It is wise always to ask your question in the Chatterbox first. Many times, you will get all the help you need via the Chatterbox.&quot;  The words &quot;always to&quot; appear to be in the wrong order and it causes the sentence to sound funny.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
    Funny sounding, but grammatically correct.  I avoid splitting infinitives except where absolutely necessary.  In this case, if an edit is necessary, I'd say &quot;it is always wise&quot; rather than split the infinitive.
    &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Under &quot;Sharing and Contributing&quot;:&lt;br /&gt;
The first question says &quot;I have some thoughts on something more or less related to Perl. Where to I share it, to open it up for discussion?&quot;  The second sentence could really use a rewrite.  &quot;Thoughts&quot; are plural so the &quot;it&quot;s should be &quot;them&quot;s and the first &quot;to&quot; is a typo.  It could be as simple to fix as &quot;Where do I share them, to open them up for discussion?&quot;&lt;br /&gt;
    &lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
    Good catch. I probably originally wrote &quot;I have a thought...&quot; and failed to make all the consequential changes.
    &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
The answer to the fourth question mentions &quot;/msg editors&quot;.  This should be updated to &quot;/msg janitors&quot;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Contractions.  I cannot speak for the anyone but myself but I feel that they make the documentation less professional.  When I catch myself using contractions in my writting, I smack myself and hunt them all down.  I know, I know, I am nitpicking and I should not do that.  (That is what [Ailie] is here for. ;-)&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
    Yes, that's true.  I guess I was trying to strike a tone which would be more casual and accessible to the newbie.  I was assuming that all of this content was available elsewhere, in the more &quot;official&quot; docs, which might be hard to find for the newbie. -- [jdporter]
    &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Now I need to find a [SiteDocClan] document to peer review...  ;-)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-05-06&lt;br/&gt;
Sounds great to me .. the post is good.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-05-05 2200 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
What do y'all think of the idea of incorporating some of the material from 
[blue_cowdawg]'s [id://350315] into [id://168266]?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo] 2004-05-01 (welcome to may)&lt;br/&gt;
Since [davido] asked: [pad://theorbtwo] has [handlelinks settings].  If you have any further questions, please, ask them.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo] 2004-04-27&lt;br/&gt;
I'm slushing (that is, not quite freezing) the stuff in [new bracket-link stuff].  This means that stuff that works now can be documented as working, and we'll try not to break it.  OTOH, :, /, and # are reserved in doc:// psudo-URIs.  Since they aren't presently purticularly valid (they aren't valid in function names, and don't exist in the names of POD files shipped with perl and named perl*), that's not that much of a limitation.  pm:// links are frozen without reservation (except in as much as everything is subject to change, of course).  Oh, and the bugs mentioned in there may be removed.  Please, document these URI schema where the others are documented -- and if there's anything that needs to be cleared up with them or the others, details can be found in [handlelinks settings] for those of you that are also pmdevils, and by asking if you aren't, or if that isn't clear.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Monsieur_Champs] 2004-04-27&lt;br/&gt; I did it again! Here is the just-translated [id://348642]. Hope it's in the right format and with no errors at all.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-04-27&lt;br /&gt;For those who don't read Portuguese, that says, &quot;Why are Catagorized Questions and Answers exhibited seperately from the rest of my nodes?&quot;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[Monsieur_Champs] 2004-04-26&lt;br/&gt;
  I don't understand exactly what's the issue here, but version control would be quite usefull for the translation FAQlets.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;Oh! I did it again! Here is the just-translated [id://348292]. Hope it's in the right format and with no errors at all.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;I guess we should start a new FAQ page for the brasilian portuguese, while keeping the (pt_BR) pointers at the master index. This way, someone looking for answers in english will still have a language option.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-04-19&lt;br /&gt;
Add a little CSS to the Master Plan table and people could make parts disappear, perhaps even dynamically with bookmarklets.  I think we need most of those columns for each translation, but I'd also like to be able to see just the English portion of the plan while keeping related faqlets together.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-04-20&lt;br/&gt;
Actually there's two things going on here so let me handle them separately.&lt;br&gt;
1. The look of the [PerlMonks FAQ] can be changed at any time we get more translations. I'm happy to change it at any time (I'm not sure we will get more translations, and if we do how useful they'll be -- the rest of the site being in English! Maybe we should choose a 'target' translation set or a single 'welcome page' that is the core site docs?) Whatever the answer, lets discuss it at [id://346332] so the entire monastery can join in.&lt;br&gt;

2. The format of the MasterPlan was done this way so that translations can have version control. [jdporter] raises a good point when he says that they should just be translations of the English and thus don't need the control, however when I update an English doc, how do we know when the translation has been updated? Without at least a date we may lose our translators and never notice that the docs are now totally out of synch. I'd love to see a more compact format that can cover this issue, but that isn't freeform. Remember it has to be parsable. (Maybe the translations could fit in somewhere with something like &amp;lt;a href=&quot;?node_id=1234&quot; version=&quot;1.2&quot; translator=&quot;bob&quot; date=&quot;2004-04-20&quot;&amp;gt;QW&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt; -- it's parsable, doesn't take much room, and contains the information we need, albeit hidden in the HTML code. (QW = [http://www.metaweb.com/wiki/wiki.phtml?title=Qwghlm|Qwghlm])
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;Relevant PMD: [id://346332]&lt;/i&gt;&lt;p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-04-19 &lt;br/&gt;
Well, you probably have a point [jdporter] but my view is that BigLug took patchers perogative and did what he thought was best based the feedback he had heard. If you disagree then how do you think it should be handled? My view is that until we have translations for the full FAQ there is no point in doing anymore than BigLug has already done. But if you have an alternate proposal then post it to PMD and let the debate begin. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-04-19 1500 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
wrt the multi-lang FAQ issue... I do think it would have been better to hold
some discussions and get something like a concensus before moving ahead.
I for one totally object to the approach now implemented -- with all due respect to [demerphq].  It is horrifically ugly to have one link per language &lt;i&gt;per FAQ entry&lt;/i&gt;, vs. one link (per language) at the top of the FAQ. Sure, it's not too bad now, with only one other language, but let's be &quot;optimistic&quot;. And I disagree with the contention that one approach is more or less likely to inspire additional language FAQs than the other.&lt;br/&gt;
As for how it's being done in the [id://240586|MP] table, having one row per language, i.e. a multiplicity of rows per FAQ entry, is (IMO) entirely untenable.  Sure, first normal form and all that... but consider that the other language FAQs are supposed to be mere translations of the English FAQ. They don't need the CM/QA infrastructure which the [id://240586|MP] table provides.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-04-19&lt;br/&gt;
Im with [BigLug] on this one. The page can say how many XP you get, what level number is associated with the name, and a link back to the V/E page, maybe some jokey comment like &quot;Abbots are responsible for running the monastery laundry. If we smell its probably cause they forgot to do their job.&quot; :-)  The fact that it doesn't actually detail specific powers is IMO irelevent.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-04-19&lt;br/&gt;
[theorbtwo], are you saying not to have pages for the levels with no special powers? If so, I disagree for the same reason that technical texts put 'This page contains no information' on blank pages. It saves people wondering if they've missed something. When I became a bishop I poked around for a while before I decided that all I had was more votes that I'll never spend :)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo] 2004-04-19&lt;br/&gt;
I'd rather have no link there then have a link to a node that says &quot;no powers at this level, sorry&quot;.  The idea of documentation and code appearing in one node, but having the docs and code maintainted sepperately is a good idea -- but one that feels decidedly non-trivial to do nicely... it will certianly require further thought.  (Not neccessarly by me.)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-04-18&lt;br/&gt;
Nice one [BugLug]. ++. I updated one of my links from Alpha to Stable and one of JdPorters from Alpha to Beta. Also, with regard to the new level powers I like, but you should be aware that there is a settings node called [level faqlinks] that is used to control the list on [id://5938]. So copying the links to the new node probably isnt a good idea. I think the best thing would be to actually create new docnodes for the missing level ([saints] isnt one of them) and then have the [gods] load them into the settings table. That way they will automatically appear. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Actually what would be really cool would be a new node type that meged the idea of faq/sdc node with that of a code node. Maybe a doc template node. That way doc changes wouldn't require [pmdev]/[gods] intervention.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-04-18&lt;br/&gt;
I've updated the to-do list below so that this page is shorter and so that my shortcomings are gone :) Thanks for checking this out and updating that-which-needs-to-be-updated. Can someone volunteer to read Allie's stuff and update the date?&lt;br&gt;
As you can probably guess, the reports come from the same tool that updates the PerlMonks FAQ. Maybe we should constantly keep the output of this report at the top of the [id://237008]? If not, once the tool is live again, anyone will be able to run the report on the Master Plan at any time.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-04-18&lt;br/&gt;
I've just created [id://346101] so that we have a place to link the other levels of Monks who don't have special powers. If someone wants to describe these in any other way, I'm not stopping you - just filling a hole in the FAQ.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-04-18&lt;br/&gt;
I've changed both the tool and the [id://240586].  There is a new column in the Master Plan for Language. This should be 'EN' for the core, English documentation. Set it to an appropriate value for other languages. &lt;b&gt;Important:&lt;/b&gt; The translations should directly follow the English entry. The tool currently appends the translation to the English line above it. [monsieur_champs], I've put your entries into the Master Plan. Please add new entries there (as per the ones I've done) so that they will be included on the PerlMonks FAQ page. I've created arbitrary versions and dates. If you have better information, feel free to update them.&lt;br&gt;
A new version of the PerlMonks FAQ is now available on [pad://BigLug], which shows how the translation appears (thanks [demerphq]). I've also set the language for the existing translations to 'PT' for Portugese. While I understand that it's actually Brazillian Portugese, can I safely assume that a Portugese Portugese speaker would understand them? If not, feel free to change that too.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-04-18&lt;br /&gt;
Hi [BigLug]. Is there any chance we can change the tool to handle the pt_BR tags? I think that having a single page with links to localized data is fine. Most of our readers at least have some english, so the faq wont be too hard for them, and where there are links to different language versions people can use them if they like. I think having a seperate FAQ or a seperate section for translations would not encourage more translations, and would just annoy anyone looking there for its sparseness. Also there synchronization issues (if you change one faq then you have to get the changes retranslated onto the others) wheras now if there is a change you simply drop the additional link located next to the text. Anyway. Maybe reformat them to be a bit more subtle. And also maybe change them from pt_BR to whatever country code is used for the langauge involved. pt_BR is not a country code I can think of, im not sure why that was chosen as the link. Over time id personally like to see &lt;sup&gt;[DE]&amp;nbsp;[ES]&amp;nbsp;[FR]&lt;/sup&gt; etc...
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I now see that we have to update the masterplan somehow to store translations for faqs. BigLug: if you are agreeable, could you propose a way to extend the masterplan so that it holds translation information in way that your tool likes? 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-04-17&lt;br /&gt;
I have reviewed and updated the status of [id://243871], [id://243870] and [id://243873].&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-04-17&lt;br/&gt;
I've just gotten the tool to update the [id://237040] from the data in the [id://240586]. However before I go and do that there's a few notes.&lt;br&gt;
Firstly the pt_BR links in the [id://237040] will disappear as they're not in the [id://237040]. These should either be put in a new section at the bottom of the [id://237040] or they should have their own index page which would have a link in a 'Translations' section on the [id://237040] .&lt;br&gt;
Secondly, there are quite a number of things that probably need updating before I run the new auto-update:&lt;br&gt;

The following entry in the [id://237040] have been in Alpha for more than 3 months - can this be changed yet?
&lt;ul&gt;
        &lt;li&gt;0 years, 07 months - [id://92977]
&lt;/ul&gt;

The following entries in the [id://237040] have not been looked at for more than 12 months and someone (probably the current 'Author' should re-read them to make sure everything is still accurate. If so, please update the date on the [id://237040]. (Yes, I'm the greatest sinner in the monastery and I'll go do my pennance now!)
&lt;ul&gt;
 	&lt;li&gt;2 years, 00 months - [id://156908] ([Ailie])
	&lt;li&gt;2 years, 00 months - [id://156912] ([Ailie])
	&lt;li&gt;2 years, 00 months - [id://156910] ([Ailie])
	&lt;li&gt;2 years, 00 months - [id://156911] ([Ailie])
	&lt;li&gt;2 years, 00 months - [id://156909] ([Ailie])
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - [id://17639] ([pfaut])
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - &lt;a href=&quot;?node_id=237035#search&quot;&gt;Search&lt;/a&gt; ([Boo_Radley])
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - &lt;a href=&quot;?node_id=237035#supersearch&quot;&gt;Super Search&lt;/a&gt; ([Boo_Radley])
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - &lt;a href=&quot;?node_id=237035#thepen&quot;&gt;thepen - Perlmonk's static mirror&lt;/a&gt; ([Boo_Radley])
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - &lt;a href=&quot;?node_id=237035#google&quot;&gt;Google&lt;/a&gt; ([Boo_Radley])
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - [id://20842] ([Louis_Wu])
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - [id://236804] ([BigLug]) &lt;-- I'm checking all the links manually in these
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - [id://236975] ([BigLug])      because some of them aren't 'broken' -- their
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - [id://236977] ([BigLug])      domain name now belongs to someone else!
	&lt;li&gt;1 years, 01 months - [id://236978] ([BigLug])
&lt;/ul&gt;

The Auto Updater will spit out the [id://237040] soon. However you might want to comment on it in some way. I've posted the output on [pad://BigLug]

&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-04-02 1650 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Good catch, [davido]!  I have gone ahead and added the link in the
[id://237040]. 
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-03-31 1728 PST&lt;br/&gt;
The FAQlet, [id://244022] exists, and has been linked to [id://237040], but hasn't been added to [id://240586].  I'd add it myself, but the 'paper trail' of who's who with the node isn't real clear; several have &quot;added a thing or two.&quot;  Whoever's in the know on that FAQlet should probably get it added to the [id://240586] so that it's properly accounted for.  
&lt;p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-03-30 2213 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
[davido] wrote a very nice piece - [id://340870] - which some folks think should be
turned into a tutorial.  I, on the contrary, feel that it should be made a FAQlet,
referencing and referenced by [id://174051], which happens already to have a paragraph
on the subject.&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;b&gt;Update:&lt;/b&gt; I have created the FAQlet: [id://341118], and
added an entry in [id://240586].
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[davido] 2004-03-30 2235 PST&lt;br/&gt;
Good job with the adaptation of my [PerlMonks Discussion] node, &quot;[id://340870].&quot;  I had considered doing it myself but didn't feel quite ready as a new [SiteDocClan] member.&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[monsieur_champs] 2004-03-11&lt;br/&gt;
Just finished another [id://335886|piece] for the FAQs.
Maybe somebuddy should review the document for style and consistency. I'm too used to the document to see anything wrong right now.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strike&gt;BTW, is there any &quot;official&quot; way to recover the changes information for the documentation since Nov/2003? I guess its time to update the translations I've done...&lt;/strike&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Update:&lt;/b&gt; Sorry about the question above. I feel like an idiot. I've just figured out all the information I need at the [id://240586]...&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2004-02-11&lt;br/&gt;
[theonetwo] just made me a SDClansman, thanks. ;)  
I updated [id://72241]; please let me know if I missed some point of protocol.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-02-06&lt;br/&gt;
Hi; it looks like [tye] applied some minor patches I did to [User Settings] that were intended for making documenting it easier. Now most of the items on the page have anchor points that can be linked to. I think we ought to think about the best way to do this. One or many docs? Also it ties in with properly documenting signatures (which I've already started on), site CSS, title templates, BLAH, BLAH. I'm not sure what the best way to do this is. I'd appreciate feedback from others.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;blockquote&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;
  I tend to think that breaking up the settings page into multiple pages would be
  ideal, as it is so very cluttered. But OTOH I can imagine that it would be
  prohibitively difficult.
  &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;Update:&lt;/b&gt; Victory!  It appears that [tye|someone] split the nodelet
  settings out of [id://1072] into a [id://25185|separate page]. -- [jdporter]
  &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] &lt;i&gt;(a while back, in a /msg to [SiteDocClan])&lt;/i&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
hi folks, just extended the pmsig functionality to add a new &quot;template&quot; 
[id://1072|User Setting], im having a bit of a mind blank on updating 
[id://323419|Signatures and Node Templates] appropriately.
Ideas or changes welcome. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ybiC] 2004-02-05&lt;br/&gt;
What [tye] said &amp;nbsp; &amp;lt;/aol metoo&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-02-05&lt;br/&gt;
Some reactions, somewhat at random...
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Actually, I think that lurking in [Nodes to Consider] and copying what you see is a primary source for poor consideration choices, in part because poor considerations hang around for days before someone verifies that the vote isn't going anywhere and unconsiders.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I've been meaning to update [Nodes to Consider] to include some text to alert people to this situation.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I don't think &quot;a question that has been asked before, it probably should not be considered a duplicate&quot; is not strong enough. Even if someone is posting the same question over and over, they shouldn't be consider *as a duplicate*.  Consider it as &quot;previously asked and answered at &amp;#91;id://...&amp;#93;&quot;.  Or consider the previous asking of it to moved to be a reply to the new version.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Use &lt;code&gt;[id://...]&lt;/code&gt; when linking to the duplicate node in the consideration reason.  That way (after some code gets deployed into production) you can see if the other node has had &quot;(DUPLICATE)&quot; added to its title, or if it has been nuked (perhaps we should have reaping updated a node to add &quot;REAPED:&quot; or something).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I find &quot;Delete a personal attack&quot; to be a poor reason for consideration.  Some day we'll have an appropriate consideration for such unpleasant nodes.  For now, the best solution is not consideration: ignore it, downvote it, /msg the author, or (if you have unusually high maturity and eloquence) reply to it.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Now that people can edit their own root nodes, it doesn't make sense for people to request editors to fix their typos (since Anonymous Monk can't consider nor prove s/he is the author).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-02-05  2345 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
O.k., all you [SiteDocClan]smen -- I have substantially reworked the webs anchored
at [id://17688] and [id://92975].  Most of what I did was to expunge some stuff that
seemed obsolete (e.g. links to some of [vroom]'s crusty old original documentation),
and add material based on the current state of things.  Perhaps most importantly,
I created a new FAQlet, [id://326922], meant to collect together the scattered
wisdom of the sages.  I would be much obliged if you all could read these webs
quickly and give me any feedback you might have.  In particular, there might still
be areas which are thin on information.  I want this doco to be as complete as
possible, yet logically structured too.  Also, wrt the new FAQlet, I'd like to get
it moved to stable ASAP, so....  If I don't hear anything back in a few days, I'll
move it to Stable on my own prerogative I guess. :-)  Oh, and I also modified
[id://17645] significantly as part of this upgrade, so please review that too. Thanks!
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-02-06&lt;br/&gt;
LOL! I like that:&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;[Create a New user]&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
When selecting a user name you need to consider two things: Firstly, how much will you be participating. You need to decide that before getting to the next step. Will you only post sporadically? Or are you in line for a [saint]hood?&lt;br&gt;
Next, if you've decided you'll only be here every now and then, choose a name that's at least 10 characters and has three underlines and one (or more) punctuation symbols.&lt;br&gt;
On the other hand if you're in line for sainthood, then perseve with trying to find an unused username of 3 to 5 simple alphabetical characters. No capitals either, otherwise we'll have to press that shift key when we type it.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[theorbtwo], 2004-02-05&lt;br /&gt;
Can you guys write something quick for [create a new user] on suggested usernames?  This came up in the CB recently, and I think it's a good idea.  Just a quick &quot;we recommend you make it short and easy to type&quot;, basicly.  /msg me when you've got something, and I'll patch the page.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;
  What's the issue?  As far as I'm concerned, there are no guidelines.  Yeah, it would
  be nice if users' names were short and easy to type, but I really only care about that
  for users whom I /msg a lot, or address/refer to frequently in the cb.  Not many monks
  fall into that category.  Considering we get a dozen or two new users every day who
  never stick around and never become &quot;somebody&quot;, I guess I'd prefer they not clutter up
  the EasyToType namespace. -- [jdporter]
  &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;

&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[tye], 2004-01-27&lt;br /&gt;
wiki edit was switched from GET to POST some time ago, [BigLug], so your 32kB browser limit should now just be the table's 64kB limit. Let me know if you get a chance to verify this.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-26 2140 UTC&lt;br/&gt;
Wow, I had no idea. I thought those things were globally coordinated.
Well, with that in mind, I propose that we all try to make an effort to use UTC...
because I have no idea how many hours ahead/behind Melbourne is from here!

&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-01-27 0751 Australia/Melbourne&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;font size=1&gt;(jdporter, can I ask you to post full TZ info .. there's several EST's around the world, I'm in one and you're in another :) not that it *really* matters, I'm just pedantic!)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br&gt;
I'm thinking that the pt_BR FAQlets could/should be switched to a new node especially for them. I don't think that there is too much need for them as posts are in English. So we assume visitors understand English.&lt;br&gt;
I resurected my 'tool' last night, only it choked on the translations so that may have influenced my thoughts on the matter. If they're to exists and to be on the SDC MasterPlan in the same row as the English versions, then I'll rearrange the MasterPlan a little to incorporate them.&lt;br&gt;
I'm thinking of adding a 'Public Comment' column where text can be posted to accompany the entry in the [PerlMonks FAQ]. That would be where we can post translations if any.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-26 1540 EST&lt;br/&gt;
O.k., I have knocked off the last of the &lt;b&gt;Aged&lt;/b&gt; entries in the SDC MP. Yay!
Now I'm going to have a look at some of the &lt;b&gt;Unknown&lt;/b&gt; entries.
I also need to get crackin' on [id://92977].  Cheers...
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-26 1300 EST&lt;br/&gt;
[BigLug], thanks for the info on how your script handle(s|d) items of various status, and the meaning of &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt;. (And I don't think there was any confusion about the tool not changing the MP itself.)&lt;br/&gt;
One of the manual edits of the [PerlMonks FAQ] I noticed was the addition of links to the &quot;pt_BR&quot; nodes 
-- hence my comment below. I think this issue still needs to be addressed.  I think it would be best 
to have a completely separate faq for any other language, if there's a critical mass for it within the 
PM community.&lt;br/&gt;
As for the capitalization -- I think [BigLug|you]'re wrong, wrt &quot;Home Node&quot;.  We have &quot;the Chatterbox&quot; 
and &quot;the Monastery&quot;, but not &quot;the Home Node&quot;. There are many home nodes.  The term is highly non-specific.
&lt;br/&gt;
[boo_radley], I'm not sure what &quot;these items&quot; are you're referring to below, nor what your concerns are.
Are you talking about the perl script itself?
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley] 2004-01-26&lt;br/&gt;
[jdporter], a tool to update the SDC Masterplan would be pretty useful.
[BigLug], the tool you linked to is 404. I'll set up a SDC-only node for these items so that they can be picked up without having to worry about external sites, or people coming/ going. Welcome back, by the way. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[BigLug] 2004-01-26 Australia/Melbourne&lt;br/&gt;
Back from the dead ... I tried to post in here a couple of weeks ago but it hadn't been archived. Thus my browser wouldn't let me edit it without chopping everything past the 32K mark!&lt;br&gt;
Anyways, to answer some questions, I'm the one responsible for most of the stuff that happened here a while ago, and then I left for a long while.&lt;br&gt;
&lt;OL&gt;
&lt;li&gt;I made up the rules on capitalisation but didn't do a good job in my examples. &quot;A Perl Monk's Home Node&quot; should be just that. A Home Node is the name given to something in particular. &quot;I read some Perl Monks' Chatter&quot; should really be &quot;I read some Perl Monks' chatter&quot; or &quot;I read what some Perl Monks were saying in the Chatterbox&quot;. The word 'chatter' is not the name of anything and thus shouldn't be capitalised.
&lt;li&gt;The 'tool' that is mentioned below didn't change the SDC Masterplan. It read it and turned it into the PerlMonks FAQ page. It would parse each line and IIRC if the status was 'alpha' then it wouldn't appear in the FAQ. Things marked 'beta' would appear but wouldn't be linked and all else would be linked. The tool didn't read the nodes themselves to determine their status. That would be another tool, a useful one at that.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;SDC Masterplan rows that are marked 'aged' are, as is said below, prehistoric nodes. The can easily be turned into released nodes, someone just need to verify that they're not out-of-date and that the formatting is correct&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dates in the Masterplan are the date of the last ratification date. This field was included so that at some future poinst we can see that a FAQ hasn't been ratified in a year and go and re-read it. If all is OK, then update the date.
&lt;/ol&gt;
Now that I'm partially back from the dead I hope I can contribute once again. For info on where I've been take a look at [http://datetime.perl.org/] or look at my [http://search.cpan.org/~rickm/|CPAN  Directory]&lt;br&gt;
&lt;i&gt;Is my tool for updating the PerlMonks FAQ page still wanted? I notice that it's been updated by hand on several occasions and if the automated tool updates it, some edits may be lost.&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-26 01:47 EST&lt;br/&gt;
I notice that the [PerlMonks FAQ] currently has links to Brazilian Portuguese
translations of some FAQlets.
(These weren't in the MasterPlan, but I have added them.)
So here are my questions/concerns about linking to these nodes:
&lt;ol&gt;
&lt;li&gt; If there are going to be FAQ nodes in some other language,
     then perhaps there ought to be a top-level FAQ in that language.
     Linking Portuguese answers to English questions doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
&lt;li&gt; Just how much is Portuguese (or any other language) used on PerlMonks?
     Enough to make it something we want to &quot;officially&quot; support? 
&lt;/ol&gt;
Relevant material can be found in the thread at [id://290138].
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-25 11:05 EST&lt;br/&gt;
Thanks for the info, [boo_radley|boo]!&lt;br/&gt;
In case the existing convertor isn't found/resurrected, I have already begun work on a
new version.  All requirements are inferred. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Now we need to decide if we want to continue converting all entries into the [PerlMonks FAQ],
as currently done, or if we want to suppress alpha/beta faqlets, as appears to have been the
intention for the &quot;public summary&quot;.  [boo_radley]'s recent edit suggests that beta (and,
by presumption, alpha) faqlets are suppressed, but this is clearly not the case, currently.
This may be a fit question for a [id://324077|new poll].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
My remark about capitalization was in reference to the 
&quot;A Perl Monk's Home Node&quot; and &quot;I read some Perl Monks' Chatter&quot;.
Is it recommended that &quot;Home Node&quot; and &quot;Chatter&quot; be capitalized?
I vote &quot;Nay&quot;.
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[boo_radley] 2004-01-25&lt;br/&gt;
Aged nodes are those that existed before [ailie]'s plan even started. They are the ur-faqs, the primal oracle-nodes, wringing illumination from dark ignorance. 
&lt;br/&gt;
They need checking, is all. Maybe a touch of housekeeping.&lt;br/&gt;
Speaking of housekeeping, is [BigLug] still around? If not, does someone ([tye]?) still have the tool he used to update the status of all the faqlets? If not, do we need to recreate such a tool or consign ourselves to updating SDC master list by hand?
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
[jdporter] made 3 comments into the SDC masterlist. The first comment, regarding the broken link, ties directly into my housekeeping question above. If [BigLug] doesn't reply in a few days, we should try to email him, maybe looking up his email address in the registration roles if it is deemed ethical. The other two:
&lt;ul&gt; 
  &lt;li&gt;Please pardon my ignorance, but what is the &quot;public FAQlet Summary&quot;? Supersearch found no occurrences of that term.&lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;but capitalization is another issue&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
The public faqlet summary turned into [PerlMonks FAQ] a while ago, replacing the hodge-podgery that existed under that name before. I will correct the SDC master list.&lt;br/&gt;
Your question on capitalization needs to be expanded a bit, I think. 
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[pfaut] 2004-01-23 16:05 EST&lt;br/&gt;
I believe [id://237008] was intended to be a place to state that you were about to edit a particular faqlet, in essense reserving it and telling other [SiteDocClan] members what you're about to-do so that no one else would attempt to modify it at the same time.  After completing the edit, the reservation would be replaced with an change log entry.  I don't think anyone actually uses it this way since the activity level isn't so high that collissions are likely.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;My guess for 'Aged' status would be something that could stand a little updating.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[demerphq] 2004-01-23&lt;br/&gt;
I have put a first draft of some documentation for the signature and PMSIG tag handling on my [pad://demerphq|ScratchPad], Id appreciate feedback on it, and any thoughts about how it should be integrated into things. Im new to the [Site Documentation Clan|clan] so this is my first attempt. Cheers.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-22 2228 EST&lt;br/&gt;
I have some questions about the table in [id://240586]:
&lt;ol&gt;
&lt;li&gt; What does a status of &quot;Aged&quot; mean?
&lt;li&gt; Is the &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; column supposed to be the date of last edit, or the original creation date?
&lt;/ol&gt;
Thanks...
&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-22 1120 EST&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;i&gt;[TomDLux] wrote:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;blockquote&gt;
There's lots of information on how to mark a page for consideration, but none about what to do when you go to [id://28877].&lt;br/&gt;
In particular, how do you interpret &lt;code&gt;keep/edit/delete/nada&lt;/code&gt; in terms of questions like &quot;Add &lt;code&gt;&lt;readmore&gt;&lt;/code&gt; tags&quot; and &quot;Move to Tutorials&quot;? &lt;br/&gt;
This info should be available in these places:&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt; [id://17645]
&lt;li&gt; [id://92975]
&lt;li&gt; [id://28877] itself
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
[jdporter|I] believe this was meant to be addressed in [id://92977] (which is still little more than a placeholder). There is also some -- but not enough -- info in [id://92975].

&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[Mr. Muskrat] 2004-01-21 1617 CST&lt;br/&gt;
I agree.  Hmm, now what would be a good name?  I like &quot;SDC Revision Wiki&quot;.  Anyone else have any suggestions?  (I like the header thingy, BTW.)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[jdporter] 2004-01-21 &lt;br/&gt;
Seems to me that the [id://237008] is slightly mis-named -- it isn't really a to-do list &lt;i&gt;per se&lt;/i&gt;.  Am I missing something?&lt;br/&gt;(Oh, btw -- I added an intro header thingy on that page. If y'all think it's worthless, well... You know what to do. It is a wiki, after all. ;-)
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;hr/&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
[boo_radley] 2004-01-13 0608 MDT&lt;br/&gt;
[id://320945|Archive of this Wiki, for period ending 2004-01-13]
&lt;/p&gt;


</doctext>
  <type_nodetype>68046</type_nodetype>
  <node_id>420478</node_id>
  <author_user>142755</author_user>
  <title>Site Doc Clan Wiki through 2004-12-19</title>
  <createtime>2005-01-08 02:27:20</createtime>
  <nodeupdated>2005-08-06 03:13:15</nodeupdated>
</node>
